Prompt THAWEASY Smart 

Prompt THAWEASY with a Bluetooth
enabled Mobile App is a digital solution
which automates the entire thawing
process and ensures that the correct
SOP of thawing is followed.
It is possible to program the equipment
with different combinations of time and
temperature for various kinds of semen
samples for different types of animals.
All the data related to thawing
processes are stored in real-time
enabling decision making.

Operating Instructions 

How to Adjust the Set Temperature: Temperature will be set
from Cloud.
2.How to Adjust Set Duration (Time): Duration will be set
from Cloud.
3.How to Initiate Thawing:
Powering On:
Place "ThawEasy Smart" on a stable, flat surface.
Switch on the machine using the power button located
at the back.
The machine's display will show information about the
firmware version.
Connect the Thawing machine with the mobile app
through Bluetooth.
Machine Setup:
Fill/top up the water bath pipe with 50ml of clean RO water at
room temperature (Between 25°C to Set Temp.)
Ensure the water level is at the top.
Water Heating:
Press the "Start Thawing" button from Mobile app. to initiate
water heating.
The display of Machine and Mobile app. will indicate the
water temperature, which will gradually rise.
After some time the machine will automatically activate the
vibrator for even heating.
Once it reaches the set temperature the machine will hold
the set temperature for 30 seconds to ensure set temperature
stability.
Once the water temperature reaches desired temperature
LED lite of machine ready will be On, Machine buzzer will ring
& Also on the mobile app a animation of inserting the straw
will displayed.
Once the machine is ready for thawing proceed for thawing.
Thawing Ready:
Upon completion of the temperature holding time, a buzzer &
LED Indication will signal that the machine is ready for
thawing, also animation indication available in the Mobile app
to insert straw.
Insert the straw into the machine and press the button.
4.How to Initiate Thawing:
Thawing Process:
Put the straw in side the device and press the back button
The machine will commence a countdown for the pre-set
thawing duration.
When the countdown concludes, the buzzer will sound again,
signaling animation in the mobile app to removal of the straw.
Completing the Process:
Remove the straw from the machine & press back button.
The machine will cease heating of water and enter in sleep
mode, also display will be in off mode.
Automatically next screen will come to complete the AI
process in the mobile app.

1. Avoid Overfilling: Do not exceed the recommended
water quantity when filling the water bath pipe.
2. Do not fill water directly below the tap or flowing
water, this is electronic device and exposure to the
flowing water may case damaged to the device.
3. Do not submerged the device in water for cleaning
or filling water in the water bath pipe.
4. Do not use any harsh chemical such as caustic,
Detergent or soap or acid to clean the machine.
5. Unstable Placement: Avoid placing the machine on
an unstable or tilted surface to prevent accidents.
6. Abrasive Cleaning: Do not use abrasive materials for
cleaning to avoid damage to the machine’s internal
& external surfaces.

7. Forceful Button Pressing: Avoid forceful or excessive
pressing of buttons, especially during temperature
and duration adjustments.
8. Power Interruption: Do not turn off the power
abruptly during operation, as it may affect the
machine's functionality.
9. Buzzer Signals: Pay attention to buzzer signals and
promptly respond to them, especially when the
machine indicates readiness for thawing or
completion of a process.
10. Heating media “Clean RO Water” Use only water as
thawing media, do not used any other material.
11. Thawing 1 straw at a time:- The machine is
designed to thaw 1 straw at a time, do not thaw
more than 1 straw at a time for desired results.
12. Do not start heating without filling water.
13. Do not use heating water bath to heat something
else such incident will be considered as unintended
use and will void the warranty.
14. Any kind of physical damage, Water damage and
machine opening outside service center will also
void the warranty.

Features 

Built-in vibrator for uniform warming of water
Temperature controllers to ensure consistent
temperature of water bath with minimal
fluctuation up to 0.1ºC
Alarm indication for completion of thawing cycle
Durable, lightweight, and portable table-top
device designed to withstand any weather
conditions
Data can seamlessly integrate with the customer’s
any existing data platform or server
Digital display to showcase temperature and time
Bluetooth based Mobile App to fetch all the data
and send to cloud. Web portal for user roles
Unique software PLC logic for gradual water
heating and avoid major temperature fluctuation
during heating & thawing
User based data analytics and data intelligence for
past performance monitoring and predictive
modelling, enabling better decision making
Power supply and battery charger
Programmable settings allow customers to
customize time-temperature combinations for
different semen samples
Mobile App is available in English, Gujarati,
and Hindi languages

Specifications

Parameter Specification
Controller 16-bits
Keys 3 Push buttons
Display
3 digits, 7 Segment display
for temperature (°C) & time
set-point indication
for thawing
Bluetooth (BLE) In-built
DC Input: 12-14VDC 4A
Power supply Adapter
Input:110-280VAC; 50/60 Hz;
Output:14VDC 4A
LEDs 6 LEDs Indicator
Temperature Sensor PT100
Thawing Medium
(water) Volume approx. 50 ml
Temperature
Resolution 0.1°C
Thawing temperature
accuracy +/- 0.1°C
Thawing temperature 22 to 40 °C
Vibrator In-built
Enclosure ABS
Buzzer Heating & Thawing cycle
completion
Operating
temperature ~ 5 to 50°C
Tweezer Metal tweezer for handling
of semen straw
Straw per thawing 1 straw at at time
Battery
In-built 12V(Nominal: 10.8V)
5700mAh Li-Ion;
Battery backup: 40+
number of thawing



Thawing time 30 to 120 second
(cloud control)
Operation Use of mobile app and push
button for operation
Equipment weight ~ 800 gm


