BMC Monitoring System Alerts 1) Mains Off:  When the electrical grid supply is cut off then the BMC monitoring system will check for 10 minutes and then if the supply doesn’t come then sends an alert.  Between 10 to 120 minutes, if the electrical grid supply comes back then update the status on the web portal only.  After 120 minutes if the electrical grid supply is not available then again send an alert. 2) High Temperature:  In settings, the user can set BMC wise Milk reception timing, session/shift start and end timing, and define the tank wise cooling time.  After the cooling time, if the system sense more than 8oC temperature and at the same time tank is not empty then sends an alert.  After 120 minutes, the BMC monitoring system rechecks the temperature and if it is more than 8oC then again sends an alert. 3) Compressor Off:  Once the BMC tank achieves 4oC temperature and then increases to 5oC and at that time if the compressor is not powered on then the system sends an alert.  After 120 minutes, the BMC monitoring system rechecks the temperature and if it is 5oC or more and that time compressor is not powered on then again sends an alert. 4) Dispatch:  If at least 15% quantity is out of available quantity from BMC tank then BMC monitoring system considers as dispatch. BMC Monitoring System Alerts 1 | P a g e 5) CIP:  CIP should be completed within 6 hours of dispatch.  At the time of CIP, the temperature should be 20oC or more than only the BMC monitoring system considers CIP start.  Within 10 minutes, a minimum 2oC temperature should increase, and temperature should not decrease 4oC from higher temperature.  If all the above parameters match then the BMC monitoring system considers CIP Done.  Within 10 minutes, a minimum 2oC temperature is not increased, or if the temperature decreases by 4oC from a higher temperature then the BMC monitoring system considers CIP Pending. 6) Over Chilling:  Once the BMC tank achieves 4oC temperature and then temperature goes below 3oC then the BMC monitoring system considers over chilling and sends an alert.  After 120 minutes, the BMC monitoring system rechecks the temperature and if it is below 3oC then again sends an alert. BMC Monitoring System Alerts 2 | P a g e