Our ideas and innovations are a part of the pursuit of maintaining the sanctity of milk so that the world’s most ancient health drink can be appreciated as it truly is – untouched and unadulterated. Presence across 28 states Presence across 300 districts Presence across 57,000+ villages 900+ team members legacy of more than 3 decades 8 patented products Optimise your farm with related products MilkoScreen MilkoScreen accurately measures fat, SNF and protein-based on proven FT-Infrared Technology. It also detects various adulterants such as added water, urea, sucrose, maltodextrin, and ammonium sulphate present in the milk. Milkochill Milkochill Milk Chiller brings the beneﬁts of instant milk chilling by bringing down the temperature of milk up to 7 degree Celsius right after milking. The system provides for instant chilling of milk even in the absence of electricity to ensure the quality of milk is retained at the source and bacterial growth is arrested. Smartbox SmartBox is designed to monitor Bulk Milk Coolers (BMC) to keep track of milk quantity, temperature, compressor, and agitator status. Any deviation observed will notify the server and the end-user through its GSM connectivity. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, Nr. Navratna Building, C J Marg Iscon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 380058 (India) Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com AUTOMATIC MILK COLLECTION SYSTEM (AMCS) Follow us on How do we keep it pure? FEATURES: • Ensures fast and accurate milk collection • DC Power as well as solar power based system available • Interoperability with any make of Milk Analyser, Weighing scale and Printer • Real-time actionable SMS and Email alerts and notiﬁcations • Real-time monitoring, instant analysis, and advanced reports • Can be integrated with platforms like SAP/Oracle/ERP Prompt provides innovative solutions for an multi-platform solution which digitizes the efﬁcient dairy procurement supply chain. entire milk collection system. All the data is • Supports regional languages • Being a 100% indigenous product, service support is available across India From farm management and milk collection uploaded on the cloud, which provides • Unlimited data storage on Micro SD Card with back-up provisions to quality analysis and preservation, we have real-time information of milk collection to different equipment and software to ensure the stakeholders. AMCS enables • Multiple rate charts can be changed & uploaded: fat wise, SNF wise, shift wise • Farmer App, VDCS App and MU App to support stakeholders that the purity of milk is retained at every step. transparency between dairy, milk collection Our unique offering, Automatic Milk Collection centre and farmers. System (AMCS) is a comprehensive, Our Product in this pursuit – Automatic Milk Collection System (AMCS) Graphic representation of the AMCS A PROFESSIONAL SOLUTION ENABLING TRANSPARENCY & EFFICIENCY Our AMCS is a cloud-based system (hardware suitable. If the requirement is limited to milk + software) which automates milk collection collection/procurement transactions, then we offer system, ensures procurement of good quality Data Processor Unit (DPU) based AMCS (Andy-Pro of milk, links farmer’s accounts with banks for DPU, DP-Pro DPU, and DC-Pro DPU); and if the cashless payments and provides actionable requirement involves advanced transactions such real-time alerts to stakeholders. Based on the as accounting in addition to milk collection/ usage and requirement, we offer various procurement transactions, then we offer PC models of AMCS to make it economically (Personal Computer) based AMCS (PC-Pro AMCS). COMPONENTS OF AMCS • Milk Analyzer/Fat’omatic/Milkoscreen • Display Unit • Electronic Weighing Scale • Sankalan Cloud • Farmer App • PC/DPU unit with Software • VDCS App • Inbuilt/External Printer • Milk Union App • GSM Modem PC-Pro: PC Based AMCS DP-Pro AMCS ARM PROCESSOR BASED DPU WITH GRAPHICAL LCD PC-Pro system is highly useful where, in addition to the milk procurement transactions, more complex transactions such as accounting and analytics is required. It is best suitable for huge volume collection and for multiple activities like cluster BMC solutions, Raw Milk Receiving Dock Solution, etc. It generates various kinds of Milk Transaction Reports, Accounts Reports, Financial Reports and Special Reports. Customized reports as per customer's requirement can also be developed. The PC allows multi-tasking and cloud connectivity allows to access data from remote location. Either of Fat’omatic or Milk Analyzer can be interfaced with the system. A cost-effective and comprehensive unit, which runs on Linux, and facilitates deduction and sales transactions. It is sturdily built for rugged environment and has an inbuilt printer and battery backup. Data can be easily transferred through GSM/Pen Drive. It can be customized as per customer’s requirement FOR INTERFACE • 3 Serial Port • 2 USB Port Some of the Major Reports Generated Some of the Major Reports Generated • Item Purchase • Shift Report • Payment Register • Purchase report • Rate difference report • Trial balance sheet • Item Sales • Shift Summary • Member List • Shift-wise local sales report • Stocks inventory • Balance sheet report • Item Stock • Member Passbook • Deduction • Payment report • Proﬁt and loss report • Month-wise milk purchase report • Individual producer’s ledger • Cashbook DC-Pro AMCS Andy-Pro AMCS MICRO CONTROLLER BASED DPU WITH LCD SCREEN & MECHANICAL KEYBOARD SMART DPU WITH TOUCH SCREEN TABLET FUNCTIONALITY FOR BETTER EFFICIENCY An entry-level unit, which works on its own database & operating system. It has an inbuilt printer & battery backup. Data can be easily transferred through GSM/Pen drive. Beside ports for weighing scale, milk analyzer, display board, and USB devices, it has an external printer connectivity port for printing spread-sheets from it directly. It is the latest and the advanced DPU unit, which works on the Android Operating System. It comes with a GUI (Graphical User Interface) display for better visualization and operation. Also, it is enabled with in-built Bluetooth, Wiﬁ and GSM modem. It can be customized as per customer’s requirement. FOR INTERFACE • 3 Serial Port • 1 USB Port • 1 Parallel Port FOR INTERFACE • 3 Serial port • 1 Serial and 1 USB port for external printer • 1 USB for external keyboard/pendrive Some of the Major Reports Generated: Some of the Major Reports Generated: • Purchase Register • Payment Register • Purchase Register • Member Milk Bill • Truck Sheet • Bonus Register • Truck Sheet • Payment Register • Purchase Summary • Member List • Purchase Summary • Member List • Member Milk Bill • Rate-Chart Retains Milk Quality The real-time data makes detection of any malpractices possible, which reduces the poor quality milk in the supply chain. Also, increased transparency encourages farmers to pour good quality milk. Speeds up Milk Collection AMCS enables automatic milk collection process and eliminates the need for maintaining records on registers manually. Hence, milk collection centres can collect more milk in less time. Our Cloud Solution for centralized milk procurement and management Manages Advanced Transactions While accurately assessing the quality of milk, the AMCS system also manages all ancillary and input trading transactions and allied services. The system also generates advanced accounting reports and legal compliance reports. Cashless Payments The total amount being paid to farmer is directly transferred in the bank account of the farmer through AMCS. It also increases farmer loyalty towards dairy. Our Sankalan cloud connects all the components of AMCS and makes the data available in real-time to all stakeholders. Through Sankalan, the dairy has better control over the milk procurement supply chain as it is constantly aware of all the developments such as procurement of milk, milk received at the chilling plant, payments and bank transactions. BENEFITS OF AMCS AT VARIOUS LEVELS • Publishes live milk rates online to all locations from a central place. • Provides complete data of farmers, society members, agents to the dairy. • Sends real-time SMS & E-mail alerts on milk collection data and important events. For Farmers For Milk Collection Centres For Milk Unions/ Dairies • Generates MIS Reports with charts & graphs to monitor performance at all milk procurement levels to compare the milk collection data. • Milk collection data can be integrated with SAP/ERP portals. • Makes daily milk collection quick and automatic • Real-time information of entire milk collection • The farmers registered with the society receive messages on their phone with details of their shift-wise milk sale • The system operates on a VPN/MPLS platform on a 2G/3G/4G network. • Supports Farmers App – for farmers, VDCS App – for milk collection centres, Milk Union App – for milk union and dairies. • Connects all milk collection centres • AMCS provides a single platform for recording and accounting of milk data • Farmers also receive notiﬁcations whenever their data are recorded/ modiﬁed that helps them keep track of their milk business • Indicator of malpractice at any level • Reduces human error • Makes milk procurement supply chain more efﬁcient • AMCS software provides Auto-upgrade facility and Remote Desktop Utility to the milk collection centres that reduces the cost of ﬁeld visits • Farmers can view their milk balance account, passbook, milk sale details, remuneration obtained, bank balance, etc. in Farmers App BENEFITS OF AMCS • Predictive intelligence and business intelligence through analytical reports Improves Transparency The milk collection software captures milk quantity, Fat, SNF, in real-time and automatically calculates amount payable to the farmer as per rate chart stored by dairy. Any error due to manual capturing of data is eliminated. This enhances transparency between farmer, milk collection centre and dairy regarding the quantity and quality of milk. Real-Time Data Management & Analytics The portal generates various alerts for actionable insights and BI analytical reports which enables informed decision making - to ensure proﬁtability, quality of milk and transparency in the system. • Cashless payments directly into their bank accounts • Trust building with the transparency of transactions