MILKEASY MILKING MACHINE The pursuit of purity How do we keep it pure? Prompt provides innovative solutions for an Our unique offering, the MilkEasy Milking Machine efﬁcient dairy procurement supply chain. helps eliminate the contamination that usually From farm management and milk collection to happens in the traditional milking process, quality analysis and preservation, we have thereby achieving the minimum bacterial count. different equipment and software to ensure that Also, the machine milks the animals gently, which the purity of milk is retained at every step. avoids any risk of injury to them. Our product in this pursuit – MilkEasy Milking Machine DESIGNED FOR EFFICIENCY AND PERFORMANCE! Now, maintain supreme hygiene while you milk your cattle fast. While you save time, you also retain the quality of milk and ensure comfort to the animal. FEATURES: • Easy-to-move trolley with large heavy duty wheels • Easy-to-operate so that one person can deal with everything • Strongly built for tough conditions • Long working life of machine • Single and double buckets available • Milk Tube is transparent, easy to clean and has food-grade, non-toxic quality standards • 25-30 litre stainless steel bucket • Premium quality of clusters and liners used to ensure cattle comfort • Electric motor – Direct coupling with vacuum pump, having highest level of safety • Interlocking to prevent injury to cattle • Low noise to avoid any discomfort to the cattle PRM 1 PRM 2 PRM Fixed TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS: FIXED MILKING MACHINE MOBILE MILKING MACHINE PRM Fixed (2-6 Buckets) Model PRM 2 (Double Bucket) PRM 1 (Single Bucket) 10-12 20-24 Cattle per hour 20-24 1 set 2 sets 2 sets Milking cup group number 40-50Kpa (adjustable) 40-50Kpa (adjustable) 40-50Kpa (adjustable) Working vacuum Pulsation ratio 60:40 60:40 60:40 60-80 times per minute Pulsation time 60-80 times per minute 60-80 times per minute 0.75 KW 0.75 KW 0.55 KW Vacuum pump power WHAT ARE ITS BENEFITS? • Designed to ensure animal comfort and cleaning • Limits bacterial growth • Reduces dependency on skilled farm workers • Better udder health • Much faster than milking by hand • Maximizes milk yield • Highly efﬁcient and easy to operate • Retains milk quality • More time available for farm management • Quick to set-up & start MILKING MACHINE STARTER KIT INCLUDES: Milk Liner Brush Milk Tube Brush Designed to remove milk Designed to remove milk traces from milk liners traces from milk tubes The pursuit of purity Our ideas and innovations are a part of the pursuit of maintaining the sanctity of milk so that the world’s most ancient health drink can be appreciated as it truly is – untouched and unadulterated. presence across 22 states presence across 221+ districts presence across 50,000+ villages 650+ team members legacy of more than 2 decades 2 patented products Optimise your farm with related products Farm 365 Animal Husbandry App Animal Wearable This technologically advanced app is a complete An intelligent, interconnected solution to your cattle management needs, Animal Wearable tag which provides which helps improve cattle breeding and actionable insights to improve farmer’s feeding ‒ resulting in increased milk yield and earnings through real-time monitoring proﬁtability. of estrus and animal health. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Nr. Stadium Petrol Pump, Navarangpura, Ahmedabad – 380014, Gujarat, India +91 7926565981/2/3 | info@promptgroup.co.in | www.promptdairytech.com Follow us on