DP-PRO – Operational Manual The document is made to understand the Operation of a DPPRO – Micro Processor Based Milk Collection System. Microprocessor based Data Processing Unit (MP DPU) is an integrated milk collection software that accepts data from the electronic weighing machine and EMT/Milk Analyzer. It accepts milk producer detail, processes milk bill, and write processed data on Micro SD card. DPU also has a built-in printer to print milk slips and reports. All the images used in the manual are for representation purpose only. It might be different from the data user will see on real time. SUBMITTED BY Parth Kothari INPUTS BY Vishvanath Yadav | Viral Modi Zulkar Nain I Gaurang Soni Corporate Headquarters Prompt Equipments Pvt LTD 3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Navrangpura Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India 380014 Phone no: 079 2656 5981 Email: info@promptdairytech.com 1 Introduction 1.1 About Product DP-Pro or MPDPU (Micro Processor Data Processing Unit) is used for milk collection of farmer/Member. It automates the process of milk collection that creates the transparency, ease of access to the end user. It is a Microprocessor based Data Processing Unit (MPDPU), which is integrated milk collection software that accepts data from the electronic weighing machine and Milk Analyzer/Fatomatic. It accepts milk producer details, processes milk bill, and write processed data on Micro SD card, also send all the data to web portal. DPU also has a built-in printer to print milk slips and reports. 1.2 Benefits 1.3 Features 1.4 Milk Collection Parameters There are different type of parameters based on which the milk collection would take place. 1.4.1 Units 1.4.2 Milk Type 1.4.3 Parameters for Rate 2 Accessories with DPU 3 INSTALLATION 3.1 Plug in and power on 3.2 Login 4 Main Menu The first screen after the DPU restart and login would be the main menu as shown below. 5 Master 5.1 Member Master To reach the Member Master, user need to go through Master >> Member. Members are sync from web portal directly. User can view the details of added member from here. Also User can add new member from here by pressing Insert button from keyboard. 5.2 Member Mobile Mapping 5.3 Member Bank Detail 5.4 Rate Chart 6 Transaction The most important and most used menu for the Society is transaction menu. It would show following options: 6.1 Auto Milk Collection The most important and most useful feature is the milk collection. You can find the option in the Transaction menu. The first option Auto Milk Collection is most used option in the DPU. Milk collection is done twice a day by Society employee (secretary/operator/user) using this option. The Society will be having an entire Automatic Milk collection System which include. MPDPU: Microprocessor base DPU, the machine you are using. Electronic Weigh Scale: Quantity of the milk will be given in Litre. Milk Analyzer: Parameters of the milk, FAT & SNF in % would be given USB Keyboard: A USB keyboard attached will allow the user to operate the DPU. Printer: A dot matrix printer attached will print all the report of milk collection. Extra Display: A display which show all the details of the milk collection with all the parameters to the members, provide transparency In this process, all the devices will be connected with DPU by using the RS-232 serial cables. 6.1.1 Milk Collection Parameters For Milk Collection user need to go through Transaction >> Auto Milk Collection, after selecting the path, you will see the screen explained below 6.1.2 Milk Collection After selecting the option, the screen will look like, This is how the automatic milk collection completes. This data can be used in the dispatch process. 6.2 Edit Milk Collection 6.3 Manual Milk Collection 6.4 Dispatch Dispatch is one of the most important stages in the milk collection process. After the completion of the milk collection in the Society, the milk goes to the BMC/MCC or plant from the Society. For that the milk quantity and other parameters is being checked and counted. And that data is sent to the plant. This process is called Dispatch. 6.4.1 Simple Dispatch 6.4.2 Date and Shift Wise Dispatch This is how your dispatch process is finished. 7 Reports There are several reports created for the user in the system. You have to select the Report option from the main menu. 7.1 Milk Bill 7.2 Duplicate Slip 7.3 Purchase Register 7.4 Dispatch Slip 7.5 Truck Sheet Report 7.6 Purchase Summary Report 7.7 Member Milk Bill Report 7.8 Payment Register 7.9 Member List 7.10 System Settings 7.11 Bonus Register 8 Transfer The transfer menu is created for any data transfer needed from the DPU to head office while there is a data connectivity or network issue. Also, it is useful for the engineers for troubleshooting and updates. 8.1 Import 8.2 Export 8.3 Export Log to USB 8.4 Firmware Upgrade 8.5 Factory Reset Note: If you apply Factory reset than all the data from memory card will erase, so do not apply Factory Reset. 9 PROMPT HELPLINE Thank you for using the Prompt DPU. If case of any query, kindly contact us on below helpline number.