PromptAMCS RMRD Portal – Operational Manual The document is made to understand the standard operation of a PromptAMCS RMRD Portal. All the images used in the manual are for representation purpose only. It might be different from the data user will see on real time. SUBMITTED BY Parth Kothari INPUTS BY Vishvanath Yadav I Viral Modi Zulkar Nain I Gaurang Soni Corporate Headquarters Prompt Equipments Pvt. LTD. 3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Navrangpura Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India 380014 Phone no: 079 2656 5981 Email: info@promptdairytech.com 1 Introduction The manual is created for the management of PromptAMCS RMRD Portal. Users will be the Supervisors and Managers at the union or plant and going to see and manage the milk collection structure in the region. 2 Log in Go to the URL http://rmrd.promptamcs.com for accessing your milk union portal. The first page will be for the standard login. The page will look like below. In the above login page, enter your username and password. While entering, make sure that they are written in proper case as the password is case sensitive. In case of the password is forgotten, you can contact the head office or the e-Mail ID or phone number given below the form for the assistance. Currently, there are 2 types of users: Admin: Admin will be those types of users, who will be having high authority and command over plant. Support: Support users will be generally the supervisors. 3 Dashboard After login, you will be able to see the dashboard, which is the home page of the portal. Different parts of the dashboard are being explained below. Dashboard: It is the link for the home page or dashboard. While clicking on it, you can reach here from any page. Master menu: The menu for all the masters which will be useful for different operations. All menus explained in the next chapters. Transaction: The transaction menu for making different kind of transactions. Reports: All the reports can be found over here. Search menu: The Search facility is provided to find any settings or report or any other items. Select Company: This is the drop down to select the company. Can be useful for the scenario when multiple companies’ work is happening. Here, Demo is selected and all data under the Demo Company will be visible in the portal. Live Milk Collection: This is the shortcut link for the Live Milk Collection. Language: This menu will allow the user to select the portal language. Currently, Hindi and English two options are given for the user. User Menu: This menu is for the user management. Users can change their password and can also logout from here. Side bar hiding option: This small arrow will allow the user to hide the sidebar. Dashboard: The link given on sidebar for the user to go to dashboard from any page. Customizable Dashboard: Dashboard is having widget mechanism, by which the user can call any widgets and apply them on the dashboard. The selected widgets can be visible. 4 Admin Master 4.1 Create MPP 4.1.1 Download Sample File 4.1.2 Fill the Excel File 4.1.3 Import the File 4.2 AMCU Client Mapping 4.2.1 Add new Mapping 4.3 Server Roles 4.4 Server User 4.4.1 Add new user 4.5 Block / Unblock User 5 MPP User Master 6 Client Release Master 6.1 New Client Release By clicking on the + New option, you will get the form as shown below. 7 Rate Configuration Master 7.1 Milk Rate List 7.2 Add Milk Rate Now the milk rate would be added in two stages, which are explained one by one below. 7.2.1 Download Sample Rate Chart Format 7.2.2 Fill Sample Rate Chart File 7.2.3 Milk Rate Now go to the first panel of the menu, here the form will look like as shown below. 8 MEMBER Master (Farmer) 8.1 Download Sample File 8.2 Fill the Sample File 8.3 Import the file 9 Route Master 9.1 Add New Route By clicking on the + New option, you would get the form for adding new route, explained below 10 DPU Master 10.1 DPU System Settings 10.2 System Settings Values After selecting edit or + New option, you would see a screen like shown below, explained ahead in detail. 10.2.1 Parameter Settings You can see different options and criteria in the top bar, these are the options you can manage one by one. 10.2.2 Rate Chart Calculation 10.2.3 Hardware Setting 10.2.4 Security Option Setting 10.2.5 Manual Change Option 10.2.6 Factory Option Setting Society master, Message master, User master, Milk rate master, Member master, CAN master, Deduction master coming from server manual or pen drive. Add member on the fly – In this if selected yes then when farmer not found in master then automatic taken Allow Deduction, Allow Deduction in milk bill, Allow payment cycle and Allow deduction in payment cycle and Deduction transaction Limit function for use for Accounting DPU (Addition and deduction value in milk amount) 10.2.7 Port Setting To enable below settings like Allow Can Wise Dispatch, Allow Manual Parameters Entry, Print Rate Chart, Formula Calculate select YES from dropdown tab in each settings. 10.3 DPU System Setting Publish 10.3.1 DPU System Setting Publish Method 11 Manual Milk Request 12 Milk Edit Request 13 BMC / MPP Mapping 14 LOCK Data 15 Reports 15.1 Milk Reports 15.1.1 Milk Purchase Register Report The report has been created for viewing the Milk Collection data for all the farmers for selected MPP, shift and milk type. It can be found under the Milk Reports. First, you have to select the parameters as shown below. 15.1.2 Milk Edit Report The report has been created for viewing the Milk Collection edited data like Rate, FAT, Qty with difference than older data for selected MPP, selected date range, shift and sabhasad range. It can be found under the Milk Reports. First, you have to select the parameters as shown below. 15.1.3 Milk Edit Request Report The report has been created for viewing the edit requests seen so far from the MPPs. It can be found under the Milk Reports. First, you have to select the parameters as shown below. 15.1.4 Manual Milk Collection Request Report 15.1.5 Milk Detail MPP Wise Report The report has been created for viewing the MPP wise milk bill. It can be found under the Milk Reports. First, you have to select the parameters as shown below. 15.1.6 Shift MPP wise Report The report has been created for viewing the shift/MPP wise milk bill. It can be found under the Milk Reports. First, you have to select the parameters as shown below. 15.1.7 Member Wise Procurement Date and Shift Wise Report The report has been created for viewing the procurement member wise and also date and shift wise. It can be found under the Milk Reports. First, you have to select the parameters as shown below. 15.1.8 RMRD Milk Collection Rejection Report The report has been created for viewing the milk collection and rejection from the RMRD level. It can be found under the Milk Reports. First, you have to select the parameters as shown below. 15.1.9 RMRD Milk Collection Edit Report 15.2 MPP Reports 15.2.1 MPP List 15.2.2 Member List 15.2.3 MPP User List 15.2.4 Milk Rate Publish 15.3 Special Reports 15.3.1 Member Passbook 15.3.2 Calibration Reports 15.3.3 Cleaning Reports 15.4 Other Reports 15.4.1 CDA 15.4.2 Day wise CDA 15.4.3 Cycle wise CDA 15.4.4 DPU server setting 15.4.5 Locking Status 16 Helpline Thank you for selecting the prompt product for your organization. If you are having any queries or suggestions, you can contact to any Prompt officials, the details are given below.