SMART WEIGHING SCALE B E N E F I T S A R E V O L U T I O N A R Y Records geo-coordinates along with timestamp G P S E N A B L E D Captures accurate weight M E A S U R I N G S Y S T E M No manual intervention in recording milk quantity Authenticity of milk recording Allows integration with 3rd party Software/App via bluetooth Easy to carry and operate Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Nr. Stadium Petrol Pump, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad – 380014, Gujarat, India +91 7926565981/2/3 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Follow us on Accurate Measurement with Geo-Tagging TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS When it comes to achieving the objective Government, have not reached their of improving the milk yield of the cattle, a beneﬁciary but the record books will show Scale Dimension (I x w x h) 25 cm x 20 cm x 7 cm (max) transparent and reliable milk recording otherwise. Pan (Platform) size 20 cm x 20 cm system becomes indispensable. The manual entry of data by the milk recording Hence, the need arises for a system Material • Scale Base Structure: MS Powder Coated • Pan (Platform): Stainless Steel team can sometimes be inaccurate. Also, wherein the real-time location of milking the milk recording at times is done without and recording can be traced. Prompt Weighing Capacity Maximum 25 kg even going to the village, thus derailing the offers an easy solution to all these entire objective of the operation. There shortcomings: Smart Weighing Scale with LED Display Unit • Display of Date, Time and Device ID while booting the machine • Weight - in kg format, up to a three-digit decimal point (in gm) have been instances where fodder/grains geo-tagging. and other related materials given by the Accuracy/Precision Class — III accuracy compliance. Least count 5 gm Indicators • Device On/Off LED • Low Battery LED • Charging in progress LED: When connected to AC power source A G A M E - C H A N G E R • Charge level indicator • GPS Connection indicator Load Cell Type Cantilever load cell P R O M P T ’ S SMART WEIGHING SCALE • ON/OFF Button: For On/Off of the machine • TARE Button: For TARE Arrangement • M+: Stores weight data in memory Touch Buttons • MR: Recall weight data from memory • MC: Clear weight data from memory A GPS enabled measuring device that captures the • Send button: Forward data to the connected device weight along with geo-coordinates and timestamps. • Calibration: To calibrate the machine The intelligent device also forwards the data collected to the third party Waterproof protection IP65 waterproof carry bag for the scale Software/App via Bluetooth. • Lithium-ion rechargeable battery; Charges in 4-5 hrs • 14-15 hrs of backup with daily usage of 1.5-2 hrs up to one week Attributes to be broadcasted in JSON format Battery • Low Battery Indicator with 2-2.5 hrs of backup Connectivity • SPP (Serial Port Protocol) based Bluetooth module which can be • Date and time in IST format paired with Android & Windows devices • Weight in kg up to 3 decimal points GPS • GPS module with an accuracy of about 5-10 m • GPS Coordinates (latitude, longitude) in DD (Decimal Degree) format up to 6 decimal points • The device will not take measurements without the GPS coordinates Output Data Format Standard JSON-based format along with a facility of password pairing Weight of Scale Maximum 2.5 kg (including battery) • The Device ID is the Bluetooth MAC ID of the device