A valuable Link in The Chain of Milk Management How do we keep it pure? Prompt provides innovative solutions for an efﬁcient dairy procurement supply chain. From farm management and milk collection to quality analysis and preservation, we have different equipment and software to ensure that the purity of milk is retained at every step. Our unique offering, the SmartBox maintains purity of the milk during chilling and maintains purity of the milk during chilling and storage through real time monitoring of parameters such as Milk Volume, Temperature, CIP Status, Agitator On/Off Status, and Power Generator On/Off Status in the BMC. Real time App assisted alerts are sent out which support timely actions to maintain purity of milk. Our resource in this pursuit – SmartBox A VALUABLE LINK IN THE CHAIN OF MILK MANAGEMENT The bulk milk collection centers play an important role in the milk supply chain. Bulk milk collected here is monitored for quality, which affects the ﬁnal value of milk at the production level. With SmartBox, bulk milk coolers are monitored in real-time and actionable alerts are sent to stakeholders in centers and dairy plants to preserve quality of milk. It uses highly advanced pressure sensor technology to measure the milk quantity in the tank, to attain the highest level of accuracy, and notiﬁes the server through its GSM connectivity in case of any deviation. Multiple compressor and generator/power grid On/Off status Measures Quantity, Temperature, Agitator & Power - for Mixing, Compressor, CIP Real-time monitoring and remote tracking Sends alerts via SMS, Mobile push notiﬁcations, and Email Designated Mobile App for dairy plant managers and BMC operators for real time monitoring BMC capacities – 500/1000/ 3000/5000/10000 litres WHAT ARE ITS BENEFITS? Informed decision making Makes BMC operationally efﬁcient Real-time alerts, tracking and monitoring makes BMC operationally efﬁcient. It helps the dairy in controlling the operational costs associated with running the BMC with the help of SmartBox. SmartBox is based on IoT technology with cloud connectivity, giving detailed data analytics on web application. This allows the dairy to make informed business decisions. Monitors quantity of milk Quality of milk is retained With continual monitoring, the desired temperature of milk in the BMC is maintained, which prevents souring and spoiling of milk, thus preserving proper milk quality. Good quality of milk serves as a good raw-material for value added products manufactured by dairy. Keeps the user updated about the quantity of the milk in the BMC and the quantity of milk when taken out of the tank after dispatch to the Chilling Centre. This helps in route planning and avoids any theft of milk. FEATURES: Data Milk Quantity Milk Temperature Power Status (Generator/Grid) Multiple Compressor & Agitator ON/OFF Status Capture Disp atch Dispatch is automatically detected Details like actual quantity, dispatch quantity, remaining quantity, temperature, dispatch duration, agitator status before dispatch are logged The system offers web-supported SMS and Email alerts for the above data Data Monitoring Cleaning in Process (CIP) Any time data access through web & Hot water CIP is automatically detected mobile application Max. Temperature and max. quantity of hot water, CIP Dashboard shows BMC Milk Status for particular duration and Agitator status during dispatch is logged BMC, Milk Summary according to milk type and different types of alerts t Re or s p Various reports generated in the system include milk Live BMC Monitoring shows graph & data, ofﬂine BMC, dispatch, route wise milk dispatch, high temperature, usage, CIP, generator used, records for milk quantity, temperature, agitator & compressor ON/OFF status for each BMC on the route consumption, shift collection, gain & BMC reports Security Dat a Transfer To pen drive through the USB port Role-based user login in a web & mobile application To remote server through GSM/GPRS TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS: Controller PIC32 Seven segment display LEDs for indication of low battery, external supply, sim network, mains power, Display generator, multiple agitators on/off and multiple compressors On/Off Storage/Media Type Micro SD Capacity 4 GB (In-Built) – expandable up to 8 GB GSM Module GSM/GPRS/Wiﬁ Keyboard Six keys for user entry Serial Ports 1 USB port for data transfer & 1 RS 232 for conﬁguration Clock Built-in real time clock for date and time For the power consumption of BMC For level measurement base system For temperature Sensor: PT100 Energy meter (optional) Accuracy of volume: ±0.4% Sensor Modules Accuracy: ± 1° C of BMC capacity Range: 0°C To 70°C Ip67 electrical connection Operative temperature: 0 to 65°C (32°F To 149°F) Relative humidity: 5% to 85% RH non condensing Environment Power Supply 180 - 260 V AC, 50 Hz Power Consumption 15 Watts Battery Backup 5600mAh Li-lon battery which provides 5 hours battery backup Our ideas and innovations are a part of the pursuit of maintaining the sanctity of milk so that the world’s most ancient health drink can be appreciated as it truly is – untouched and unadulterated. 68,000+ villages 28+ states 350+ districts Legacy of over 10 patented products 900+ team members 3 decades 24x7 support via mobile app 220+ serviceable locations Optimise your business with other related products AMCS AMCS (Automatic Milk Collection System) is a comprehensive solution which digitizes and tracks the real-time information of milk collection process being followed at milk collection centres. The cloud connectivity makes it possible to access the data from any location and BI Analytics Reports enable informed decision making. Logistic App Logistic App is an Android-based app which streamlines operational efﬁciencies of Milk Unions, by allowing route planning for trucks and digitizing transport management process in dairy supply chain. The app tracks transporters in real- time, stores images and data, and produces analytical reports. ilkoScreen M MilkoScreen accurately measures Fat, SNF and protein based on proven FT-Infrared Technology. It also detects various adulterants such as added water, urea, sucrose, maltodextrin and ammonium sulphate present in the milk. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Follow us on Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 | Feb-2024