CURRENT CHALLENGES Accurate recording of the quantity and quality of milk samples collected at milk collection points is essential. Currently, milk quantity is measured manually through dipstick reading and milk sampling is done manually. The sample taken from the milk collection point is not secured and prone to manipulation. The temperature of the milk transferred to milk tanker is not measured. The data of composite milk sample is also not taken into consideration. Therefore, to overcome these challenges, Prompt has uniquely developed TankAssure, an intelligent and digital system which automatically samples milk from milk collection point. PRESENTING An automatic milk sampling system, with GPS, Wi-Fi and RFID technology TankAssure is an electro-mechanical, intelligent box mounted behind the milk tanker. It is a closed, containerised and digitally password-protected secured system that consists of sampling pumps, and RFID-tagged tamper-proof sample vials. It automatically collects the milk sample of milk collection point, measures the milk quantity and temperature with the help of an in-built magnetic ﬂow meter equipped with a temperature sensor. KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF THE SYSTEM Enables secured and automatic sampling of composite milk samples of various milk collection points. The entire operation is controlled by a web-based portal accessed through a tablet device. The milk quantity and temperature data of each milk collection point is transferred to a central portal which can be used by the dairy for further business analysis. It can be integrated with any route management app and automatic milk collection system. The system can log the location and time stamp data from where milk transfer starts and stop. Only authorised personnel can open the electronically protected door at the dairy. TANKASSURE - TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Model S7 S15 6 for Society Samples 1 for Composite Sample 14 for Society Samples 1 for Composite Sample No. of Sampling Bottles 7 No. 15 No. Peristaltic Pumps Sampling Capacity 40 ml 40 ml PLC, Electro Magnetic Flow Meter, GPS, RFID Tag & Reader, Peristaltic Pumps Major Technical Parts Wi-Fi, 4G Data Transmission 8" 4G + Wi-Fi Tablet User Interface Central Web-Based Application Central Data Controlling GPS, GLONASS or Galileo, 24VDC, Ethernet, IP68, Internal Antenna, Temperature Range -40 °C to +70 °C GPS Electromagnetic Flowmeter Measure: Flow, Temperature and Quantity Output: 4-20mA, Pulse Accuracy Max. ±0.5 % o.f.s. Flow Meter 13.56MHz, LED Indication, IO-Link Interface, M12 Connection, IP67 RFID Tag Reader 13.56MHz, Readable and Writable, 2kBit EEPROM, ISO15693, IP68 RFID Tag Supply Voltage 24V DC (From Tanker Battery) Housing SS 304 Electronic Control Panel SS 304, IP65 Milk Line 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Fitting Clamp 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 NRV 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Filter 2mm Perforated 2mm Thickness 1 Inch, MOC SS 304 Gasket-EPDM End Connection-1.5” TC end Air Vent Weight of Auto Sampler < 250kg Dimension of Auto Sampler (mm) 1502 X 990 X 595 1581 X 957 X 632 Electro-mechanical, IP67 Protected Door Lock Please Note: The above-mentioned speciﬁcations are for seven and ﬁfteen samples, The same can be customized as per the customer requirement. BENEFITS OF TANKASSURE Enhanced Quality Control Enhanced Sampling Accuracy Measures milk temperature and volume at each milk collection point, aiding in precise quality assessments and inventory management. Collects uniform and representative samples ensuring consistent and accurate sampling from each milk collection point. Quality Composite Samples Maintains correct proportion of milk collected from each collection point, and also ensures that composite samples are collected accurately, reﬂecting the total milk quality. Operational Efﬁciency Automates the process of milk collection, reducing time and manual effort and minimizing the need of manual labour. Comprehensive data collection Comprehensive data collection Automatic logging of detailed data for quality control, traceability and data analysis. Cost Efﬁciency Reduces costs incurred due to manual sampling such as labour and consumables. Ensures Compliance & Traceability Indigenous System Meets all the regulatory requirement ensuring consistency, and provides accurate sampling improving traceability across the dairy supply chain. An indigenous and cost effective automatic milk sampling system made for Indian dairy industry. Scan the QR Code to know more: Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Follow us on Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 | Feb-2024