BMC Monitoring System Web Portal Configuration Manual 1 CONFIGURATION If a company is created earlier than the System setting template, Alert setting template, General settings and BMC vendor are already formed, verify and create a new BMC. And if the developer just created the new company then you have to create the System setting template, Alert setting template, General settings and BMC vendor first. 1.1 After Company Creation First, open the newly created configuration portal using the given credentials. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 2 Open the configuration portal and create the new System Setting Template from the Master menu. Values of the System Setting Template are as above. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 3 Create the new Alert Setting Template from the Master menu. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 4 Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 5 Create the new General Settings from the Master menu. Create the BMC Vendor from the Master menu. In this just mention the Name of the Vendor. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 6 1.2 Company already created If a company is created earlier than the System setting template, alert setting template, General settings and BMC vendor are already formed, verify and create a new BMC. Create the BMC and Add BMC code and BMC Name. In General Information mention the No. of tank available in the BMC and address. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 7 In settings mention the following:  Generator Diesel consumption at full load in liter per hour  Generator Rating in kVA  Morning Session start & End time  Evening Session start & End time Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 8 Create the BMC Tank Mapping and select BMC and BMC tank from the available created BMC and BMC Tank. Don’t forget to select the TWSMini. In General information Tank no., Alert Setting Template, and System Setting Template will come automatically. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 9 2 CONFIGURATION FILES FOR BMC To generate the configuration files for BMC following items are required. 1. Level Chart in Excel file 2. Utility Dongle (Pen drive) 3. Cross Link Cable 4. SD card (Formatted SD card) 5. Level Chart download Utility software Step-1: Take level chart in excel format. Step-2: Insert formatted SD card in main BMC card. On the display of BMC “NO CFG” and “NO LUL” must be displayed. NO CFG: No configuration file is available on the card NO LUL: No level chart file is available on the card Step-3: Connect the main card with a computer system using a cross-link cable. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 10 Step-4: Open the level chart utility software on a computer and open send data via serial port file. (Utility dongle must be connected with computer to open this file)  Start length: 0 mm  Select com port and press connect button  Press the browse button and select the excel sheet of level chart  Mention End length in mm as per level chart.  Mention chart type: Level to liter and Press Send button. After successful sending of the level chart, the message of NO LUL will disappear from the BMC display. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 11 Step-5: Click on the configure menu in utility file.  Select com port and press connect button  Mention correct company code and BMC code as per web portal configuration  Mention other all information of BMC like Tank code, Tank Capacity, Tank Name  Select online Quectel as sync status and prompt in APN. Step-6: Press the send button in BMC information and also in System setting, BMC main card will restart after sending the files. After restart BMC box 0.0 will displayed on the BMC box. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 12 Here 3 files are generated and saved in SD card.  level_to_liter_chart  BMC_info  System_settings Step-7: Generate the calibration constant file and for that, you require 4-20 mA output. Step-8: Connect a device which provides 4-20 mA output to BMC main card. (Connect positive at TP-7 terminal and negative at TP-8 terminal.) Step-9: In a BMC box go into calibration mode, for that press the CIP and Dispatch key together and mention the 158 as the password and press enter button. Step-10: Press the enter button when C1.1 appears on display, now generate the output for 4 mA from a device and the count will appear on display for 4 mA. The count should be near 13000, press the Enter key to save the count. Step-11: Press the enter button when C1.2 appears on display, now generate the output for 20 mA from a device and the count will appear on display for 20 mA. The count should be near 67000, press the Enter key to save the count. Step-12: Press the enter button when C1.3 appears on display, on the display 000 will appear, and mention the minimum pressure value (250 mbar) and press enter button to save. Step-13: Calibration_Constant file will generate on the SD card. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 13 3 FACTORY TESTING Now test the LED of the BMC smart box one by one.  Agitator-1  Generator  Agitator-2  Liter  Compressor-1  Level  Compressor-2  Temperature  Compressor-3  Network  Compressor-4  CIP  AC mains  Dispatch Confidential Data: Do not share without permission Page | 14