Server User Manual for Cloud Calibration Requirement for Cloud Calibration: 1. Internet connectivity at society side 2. Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8 or Windows 10 3. AMCS of any make 4. Live Milk Collection at society 5. Prompt make Smart Milk Analyzer (Version-1.3.0.2 or onwards) or Smart Fatomatic (Version-1.0.3.4 or onwards) 6. PDP Client software Step-1 First Login in the Server www.milkpro.in with proper user name and password. Step-2 After successful login add the Client (Society) information by clicking on Clients >> Client. Step-3 Now click on the Add Client to add the Society information. Step-4 In this page add the following information properly. a. Client Code: Mention the Society Code here. b. Client Name: Mention the Society Operator name here. c. Short Name: Mention the Society Operator’s short name here. d. Hierarchy Level: Mention the Society type from dropdown list, Whether VDCS or BCU. e. Also mention the State, District, Sub District, Village details of Society. f. Client Status: Mention the society status from dropdown list. After filling all the details click on SAVE button. Step-5 Now Login to the Configuration Server www.config.milkpro.in with proper user name and password. Step-6 After successful login add the Prompt Device information by clicking on Devices >> Prompt Device. Step-7 Now click on the Add Prompt Device to add the Device information. Step-8 In this page add the following information a. Prompt Device: Mention the Society Code here. b. Prompt Device Type: Select the Device which is used in society. c. Serial No.: Mention Device’s serial (Machine ID) number here. d. Organization: Select the organization name from the dropdown list. e. Device Configuration: Select Prompt Indiz Milk Analyzer / Prompt Smart Fatomatic. If only one Milk Analyzer is used in society or select Prompt Milk Analyzer with MMIIM z2 if more than one Milk Analyzer is used for analysis of Milk. After filling all the details click on SAVE button. Step-9 Now when engineer try to login at PDP client software one User code will generate as shown below. Server user need to Activate using this user code then only engineer can login in PDP client software. Step-10 Now go to the Server www.milkpro.in and then open the Activate Device from Client >> Activate Device. mention this user code in go to the Step-11 Mention the user code, Client Code and Engineer Name in the open Activate Device page and click on the Activate button. After authentication login in the PDP software will done. Step-12 Now open the created society from the Client tab in www.milkpro.in and open it by click on the Edit button (pencil button). Step-13 Now select the Prompt Device mapping tab, here data of mapped device will appear automatically and then click on the 3 dots at Action tab and click on Calibrate. Step-14 Now this Calibration page will open. In this page current calibration status of machine will come automatically as Intercept FAT and Intercept SNF. Note: User can increase or decrease the value of Intercept FAT and Intercept SNF up to 0.5 from the Latest Base reading. Here user can increase or decrease the FAT and SNF value by adding value in Adjustment FAT and Adjustment SNF and click on the Calibrate button at bottom. New Changed value will automatically transfer to the device as per New FAT Intercept and New SNF Intercept.