Transforming Animal Husbandry with Digital Innovation To revolutionize the dairy supply chain, Prompt introduces innovative solutions that enhance traceability and transparency. By eliminating assumptions, human error, and outdated practices, Prompt streamlines animal husbandry extension activities, ensuring efﬁciency. Challenges like low conception rates, limited genetic potential in dairy herds, ineffective record-keeping, and difﬁculties in accessing records for informed decision-making are prevalent in the industry. Prompt marks a transformative phase in dairy herd management, providing solutions that support AI workers, veterinarians, and farmers, enhancing accuracy and reliability across various processes. CURRENT DIGITAL FARM MANAGEMENT SCENARIO WITH PROMPT BovEasy detects pregnancy in just 28 days post AI Prompt offers a range of innovative dairy farming solutions, from semen-thawing to cattle milking. By using these innovative products, dairies will be able to achieve optimal efﬁciency in animal husbandry extension services – enabling farmers to maximize their proﬁts, protect milk quality and keep cattle healthy. Prompt ThawEasy SMART PRO digital f rozen semen thawing machine A Bluetooth-enabled automated semen-thawing machine designed for large dairy providing breeding services to the milk shed area; it ensures the correct standard operating procedure (SOPs) is followed by all ﬁeld users, thus eliminating human error in the thawing process. Key highlights: Operating temperature between -5°C to ~50°C Thawing time is 30-120 seconds Cloud connected device for real-time decision-making Equipped with straw detection and water level sensors *Prompt ThawEasy Smart Semi automatic model also available Prompt ThawEasy LITE frozen semen thawing machine A manual semen-thawing system designed to standardize and streamline semen-thawing during artiﬁcial insemination. It has manual temperature-control settings, which ensure accurate semen-thawing process that enable adherence to standard operating procedures (SOPs). Key highlights: User-friendly design Temperature control settings Compatible with multiple semen samples *Prompt ThawEasy Lite Plus Model with bluetooth and mobile app Prompt BreedEasy veterinary multipurpose endoscopic gun A digital endoscopic gun equipped with a camera for visual conﬁrmation of the AI procedure. It provides an increased conception rate and allows connectivity with smartphones for a clear picture of the vaginal tract and cervix. Visual conﬁrmation of the AI procedure Key highlights: 180° wide angle and 120° & 360° rotation angle Images of AI procedure can be recorded on the Farm365 app Wireless connectivity Prompt BovEasy early bovine pregnancy rapid test kit A early pregnancy detection kit that can be used in just 28 days after breeding. Through the test of Pregnancy Associated Glycoprotein (PAGs), this kit helps in detecting non pregnant animal early thus helps in improving inter-calving period. Key highlights: Ensures embryo safety Non-invasive procedure for animal comfort Reduces calving interval Highly accurate result in just 20 min Prompt BovTag digital tag reader BovTag allows easy identiﬁcation of cattle by capturing the image of the existing ear tag of the animal and recording a unique identiﬁcation number on it. To ensure authenticity, it records the date, time, and geo-location from where data is captured. Key highlights: Developed with advance computer vision technology Auto-adjustable, can read tags from 1.2 metres Can be integrated with any farm management app Prompt MilkEasy milking machine A milking machine designed for cattle comfort that speeds the process and eliminates contamination of milk. It ensures animal comfort, maximises milk yield and retains milk quality. A mi spee of m yield Key highlights: Low noise to avoid any discomfort to the cattle Lo Food Grade, thylet-free Fo 25 litre capacity stainless steel 304 buckets 25 Models available: Fix Type, Trolley Type, 2B2C, 1B2C Interlocking to prevent udder injury to cattle Prompt EasyLine milking parlour A milking parlour with a standing herringbone structure that allows for faster and easier milking for animal. Available in two conﬁgurations, the milking parlour allows better udder health and greater bovine comfort. Key highlights: Saves time, energy and labour costs, and easy-to-use Robust galvanised structure for long life 1X5 and 1X6 conﬁgurations High precision and long life of Yuval regulator Prompt Farm365 comprehensive heard management app The app allows easy monitoring that leads to better cattle health, ensuring high proﬁtability. Equipped with advanced technology and a seamless interface, the Farm 365 app records data throughout the life cycle of the cattle, providing a convenient source of data to the farmer. Key highlights: Animal-wise vaccination and milk data recording Alerts to service providers, doctors and farmers Animal lifecycle card for all the lifecycle events Historical data ensures efﬁcient milk and cattle monitoring Prompt Dairytech The Indian leader in dairy farm-level solutions Our continuous pursuit of purity in everything we do has led us to developing innovative solutions for the dairy farming industry. We offer technology for every aspect of Dairy Farming - making it easier and cost-effective, and achieving better standards in 68,000+ villages 350+ 28+ states districts Legacy of over 10 patented products 900+ team members 3 decades 24x7 support via mobile app 220+ service support locations Breedeasy Thaweasy Bovsmart Boveasy Dashboard Calvi... PD AI Period: Today Society: All Cattle Type: Both Semen: Both Completed Canceled Active 3 6 0 Tag Search Semen Stock FIP Perforemance Dashboard More Bovtag & Farm 365 App Smart Scale Milkeasy & Easyline milking parlour Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. Scan the QR Code to know more: 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Follow us on Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 | Feb-2024