The pursuit of purity Our ideas and innovations are a part of the pursuit of maintaining the sanctity of milk so that the world’s most ancient health drink can be appreciated as it truly is – untouched and unadulterated. Presence across 28 states Presence across 300 districts Presence across 50,000+ villages 900+ team members Legacy of more than 3 decades 8 patented products Optimise your dairy business with related products Milk Analyzer DPMCU The Data Processing Milk Collection Unit The Indiz Ultrasonic Milk Analyzer provides (DPMCU) has an integrated milk collection accurate milk parameter readings such as Fat, software that accepts data from Electronic SNF, Added Water and Density and links it Weighing Scale and Milk Analyzer. The DPU with the pay-out to the farmer in real-time. machine (with cloud connectivity) This increases transparency and proﬁtability processes this data and prints milk slips arising out of improvement in quality of through its in-built printer. milk collected. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, Nr. Navratna Building, C J Marg Iscon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 380058 (India) Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com FAT'OMATIC MILK FAT MEASURING MACHINE Follow us on Three steps towards accuracy: How do we keep it pure? 1. Sample bottle is placed under the invert-U shaped suction pipette. 0.5 ml milk will be sucked in. 2 2. Use empty beaker under the pipette to collect milk & fat solution mixture that comes out. fully automatic milk fat measuring machine Prompt provides innovative solutions for an 3 that is fast, accurate, economical, and measures efﬁcient dairy procurement supply chain. 1 3. Place the beaker below the suction piece on left side of machine. Mixture gets sucked and fat% will be displayed in due time. 250-280 samples an hour. Fat’omatic Milk Fat From farm management and milk collection Measuring Machine ensures that the quality of to quality analysis and preservation, we have the milk is uncompromised in a high throughput different equipment and software that ensure environment. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS: the purity of milk is maintained at every step. Our unique offering, the Fat’omatic is a patented Capacity 250-280 samples/hour Measuring Range 0-15% fat Our product in this pursuit – Accuracy 0.06% for 0-5% fat, 0.10% for 5-8% fat, 0.20% for 8-15% fat Repeatability 0.03% for 0-5% fat, 0.04% for 5-8% fat, 0.07% for 8-15% fat Fatomatic Milk Fat Measuring Machine Sample Volume 0.5ml/test Diluent Volume 6.5ml/test A PATENTED PRODUCT (PATENT NUMBER - 205094) Display Type and Size 7 seg LED, 1/2 “ size Data Interface BCD OR RS 232. Bluetooth (optional) INDIA'S FIRST FULLY AUTOMATIC & INDIGENOUS MILK FAT MEASURING MACHINE, SINCE 1999 Operating Temperature 5°C to 45°C Operating Voltage 230V AC +/- 15%, 50Hz or 12V DC Power Consumption 300w max The Fat’omatic Milk Fat Measuring Machine is a milk fat testing Front Keys Zero, milk in/mix out, repeat, fat machine with rugged, tamper-proof design and has a big LED display. Over 50,000 machines have already been installed all Enclosure Powder coated aluminium base, MS powder coated top over India. The machine uses light scattering technology to Dimension 255 (H) x 460 (L) X 345 (W) [mm] measure fat. Fat’omatic Milk Fat Measuring Machine is also Weight 15kg available with cloud connectivity which offers online secured calibration. FEATURES: Comes with auto-zero facility, proven measurement principle Excels in quality, accuracy, consistency, and repeatability Being a 100% indigenous product, we have a strong service and support network across India Tamper-proof & secured calibration through cloud (optional) • Battery mains - Automatic changeover (AC-DC) • Fast and accurate • Unique motor and gear design • Sensor-based motorised operation • The machine comes without manual handle • Inbuilt battery charger • Minimal sampling • Operates across wide range of operating voltage • Uses single curve calibration • Low operating and maintenance cost INDIZ SEMI AUTOMATIC MILK FAT MEASURING MACHINE WHAT ARE ITS BENEFITS? • Auto start timer • Front & rear dual display • Auto zero facility • Inbuilt battery charger • Unique single PCB design • Compatible with most computers • Big, bright LED display • Digital calibration with front keys Automated operations It is an easy-to-use device that doesn’t require the user to put in a lot of effort to get acquainted with its setup, cleaning process, and operation. Online secured calibration Cloud connectivity with secured calibration allows recording of calibration data, machine cleaning data, machine on-off data, milk sample data. This data helps in gathering insights about milk collection. Eliminates human error Since the Fat’omatic is fully automated fat measuring machine, it reduces any scope of error due to manual intervention.