DP-PRO – Installation Guidelines The document is made to understand the installation of a DPPRO or MPDPU, which is having the online connectivity settings with PROMPTAMCS Portal. Microprocessor based Data Processing Unit (MPDPU) is an integrated milk collection software that accepts data from the electronic weighing machine and Milk Analyzer/Fatomatic. It accepts milk producer details, processes milk bill, and write processed data on Micro SD card as well as send the data to web portal. DPU also has a built-in printer to print milk slips and reports. All the images used in the manual are for representation purpose only. It might be different from the data user will see on real time. SUBMITTED BY Parth Kothari INPUTS BY Vishvanath Yadav | Viral Modi Zulkar Nain I Gaurang Soni Corporate Headquarters Prompt Equipments Pvt LTD 3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Navrangpura Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India 380014 Phone no: 079 2656 5981 Email: info@promptdairytech.com 1 INTRODUCTION 1.1 About Product DP-Pro or MPDPU (Micro Processor Data Processing Unit) is used for milk collection of farmer/Member. It automates the process of milk collection that creates the transparency, ease of access to the end user. It is a Microprocessor based Data Processing Unit (MPDPU), which is integrated milk collection software that accepts data from the electronic weighing machine and Milk Analyzer/Fatomatic. It accepts milk producer details, processes milk bill, and write processed data on Micro SD card, also send all the data to web portal. DPU also has a built-in printer to print milk slips and reports. 1.2 Technical Specification 2 Accessories with DPU 3 INSTALLATION PROCESS - OVERVIEW 4 INSTALLATION 4.1 Plug in and power on 4.2 Login 4.3 DPU Configuration Service engineer have to enter same details in MPDPU to configure the DPU, All the details must be accurate and if any confusion or problem while getting the details, contact the project’s support head. Note: Restart the DPU after the successful configuration, then only GSM network will come and all the functionality will sync from the web portal to DPU. After Restart, login to DPU with provided Username and Password by Portal Admin and check the Society Details, System Users, System Settings and other parameters as shown below. 5 Main Menu The first screen after the DPU restart and login would be the main menu as shown below. 5.1 Master 5.2 Society Master In master menu first option is Society. DPU will Sync all the details of Society from web portal only. After successful installation user can not add or remove any society related details from DPU. 5.3 System User System users are also configure from web portal and some users are already developed while configuration. 5.4 Hardware List 5.4.1 Hardware Settings 5.5 GSM SIM card is configure while doing the DPU installation. From here user can change SIM card Operator. 5.6 System Settings 5.7 Rate Chart 5.8 Member Master Members are sync from web portal directly. User can view the added member details from here, Also User can add new member from here by pressing insert button. 5.9 Member Mobile Mapping 5.10 Member Bank Detail 5.11 Installation Information 5.12 Import 5.13 Export 5.14 Export Log to USB 5.15 Firmware Upgrade 5.16 Factory Reset Note: If you apply Factory reset than all the data from memory card will erase, so do not apply Factory Reset.s