PDP Client User Manual for Smart Analyzer Requirement: 1. Internet connectivity at society side 2. Windows 7 SP1, Windows 8 or Windows 10 3. AMCS of any make 4. Live Milk Collection at society 5. Prompt make Smart Milk Analyzer (Version-1.3.0.2 or onwards) or Smart Fatomatic (Version-1.0.3.4 or onwards) 6. PDP Client software Step-1 First install the PDP client software in the laptop or computer system by Run as Administrator. Note: PDP client software is compatible with Windows-7 Service pack-1, Windows-8 and Windows-10. Step-2 After successful installation of software, Restart the computer is mandatory. Step-3 PDP Client icon is visible in Desktop. Step-4 Now double click on the PDP Client software icon in desktop, so icon is visible in taskbar. Now open the configuration setting of Software by clicking right click on PDP Client icon from taskbar as shown in below photo. Step-5 Click on the Login tab. Step-6 One pop-up screen with user code will come as shown below. Now send this user code to Server handling person. Step-7 After Activation done by Server person one login successfully screen will pop up. Step-8 Now click on the Register New Device in the PDP software as shown below and register the device in the software. Step-9 To register a new machine select Device type as Milk Analyze, add Machine ID (Serial Number) of Milk Analyzer and Client (Society) code, then press Register New Device button. Step-10 Now automatically device configuration page will open, in this page first you can see Device Details. Press Save and Next button. Step-11 Now Device Settings page will open where you can see communication details of machine as shown below. Press Save and Next button. Step-12 Now Parameters page will open, where you can see FAT parameters and SNF parameters. Press Save and Next button. Step-13 Now Device Test page will open in which click on Device Test button to start device test of Milk Analyzer. Step-14 Now In this page click on SCAN button then press Connect button and perform the FAT analyses with milk sample in Analyzer machine. Result will automatically reflect at output tab in the page and machine string will start coming. After getting the string Press the Disconnect button and then press OK button. Step-15 Now Calibration Test page will open, in this page click on Start Calibration Test button. PDP software fetch the Analyzer machine’s calibration data. After getting the calibration data of Analyzer click on Map Device at bottom. After successful mapping one pop-up message of Device registered and mapped successfully with Device ID will come. Step-16 After completing the configuration of device again start the PDP client software. In this page Pending Request, past request of calibration from server will show. In My Device tab user can see the mapped device data of society. To see the device data click on View Details button.