Process flow for TankAssure S7 1. Introduction Prompt has leveraged the RFID and GPS technology and developed a solution TankAssure -Automatic Milk Sampler System which can be installed on milk tankers, which will enable automatic sampling and measurement of the quantity of milk from various milk collection points. TankAssure is a closed, containerized and digitally password protected system which consists of 7 sampling pumps, and RFID tagged tamper-proof sample vials. It comes in the form of a box mounted on the tanker and functions to automatically collect BMC milk samples and record Qty. and temperature. It can measure temperature and Qty. of milk collected from BMC with the help of a magnetic flow meter having an in-built temperature sensor. Automatically Data Sync into Server Society Code, Society name, Quantity, Temp., Dispatch Start time, Dispatch End time, and RFID ID sync to the server automatically when tanker returns from the route. Route Data In Route data following parameters are available: Route Code, Route Qty, Route Start time, Route End time. Log History In log history data of Lock status, User1, User2 are available. 2. Process SOP 2.1 Tanker preparation to leave for Route Open the door of TankAssure using your Username and password as instructed below Open CIP Manual valve Now click on rinse(CIP) in the main menu and Start the rinse process for a minimum of 15 minutes from the Master tablet. Sync Total Society Enter Route Number Stop CIP process and Close CIP manual valve Check filter Union (It should be fitted properly otherwise the milk will be leaked from here) Insert Rack, Put Ice-Pad and Close the Rack box Close the Door using Password. A tanker is ready and the route number appears on the main menu page. 2.2 Tanker receiving Process When the tanker returns from the route and reached Dairy Premises then data of Society Code, Society name, Quantity, Temperature, Dispatch Start time, Dispatch End time, and RFID ID tag will sync to the server automatically. Open the TankAssure door from the master tablet using admin1 and admin2 passwords. Open physical lock of the door Open Rack box and remove the rack Check sample Quantity and it to a lab for further testing Lock TankAssure door physically Now Tanker go for the unloading 2.3 Tanker CIP Process Tanker goes for cleaning - When flow will detect all motors will start to rotate one by one After the cleaning is over, lock the door physically and then lock the door from the master tablet using passwords. After the door lock Tanker will go for parking. 3. Trouble Shooting 3.1 RFID Complain Check cables of RFID reader Check log of previous days data that simulation had done or not Check Rack position if RFID tag not write Check mechanism of sample bottle holder. If required then set further. 3.2 Latitude/Longitude Complain Check the current latitude and longitude with previous day data If mismatch then update latitude and longitude in society file, Inform plant engineer to sync society in each tankers. If society comes with unknown code “9998” then check GPS communication status in log file. If tanker parked under the shade area at the BMC location then the system may collect the collection with Unknown society code 3.3 Empty Sample Complains Check current day quantity and previous day quantity. Check motor and cables before route start. Check Ethernet cable, motors, GPS communication. Check society sync count at initializing process. 3.4 Less Samples Check current quantity and previous day quantity. In case of Unknown society code “9998” found during collection then system will collect the sample with 1000 ltr reference. In this case, update the actual latitude and longitude.