BENEFITS OF TANKASSURE A U T O M A T I C Transparency: Ease of Data Management: The system will show the quantity of milk transferred in the tanker and temperature of milk at the DCS location in real-time – bringing transparency between collection point and Dairy. The system automatically and digitally records the data which is stored directly in the server. M I L K S A M P L E R S Y S T E M F O R M I L K T A N K E R S Minimize manual Intervention: Reduction in Sampling Error: As sampling is done automatically, the chances of sampling error are greatly reduced, and the accuracy of samples is ensured. The data is automatically recorded, hence there is no need to enter data manually, thereby reducing the chances of human error. Farmer Assurance: Proﬁtability of Dairy: Due to auto sampling, the accuracy of milk samples is high, so the farmer can feel assured about getting correct payment for their milk poured. With accuracy in sampling and quantity of milk, the overall effectiveness and proﬁtability of Dairy shall increase. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Nr. Stadium Petrol Pump, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad – 380014, Gujarat, India +91 7926565981/2/3 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com A U T O S A M P L E R Follow us on An Inefﬁcient Current Practice TANKASSURE - TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Accurate recording of the milk quantity and Furthermore, there is no system to measure the quality collected at the milk collection temperature of the milk transferred to the milk 6 for Society Samples 1 for Composite Sample No. Of Sampling Bottles points is an essential piece of information in tanker at the collection point. Dairies are also the milk value chain. The current practice of facing problem of milk pilferage, adulteration, 7 No. Peristaltic Pumps manual dipstick reading is prone to human and sample tampering. Sampling Capacity 40 ml error and calibration error. PLC, Electro Magnetic Flow Meter, GPS, RFID Tag & Reader, Peristaltic Pumps Major Technology Parts Data Transmission Through Wi-ﬁ, 4G A C H A N G E F O R G O O D ! User Interface 8" 4G + Wi-Fi Tablet Central Data Controlling Through Central Web Base Application P R E S E N T I N G , GPS, GLONASS or Galileo, 24VDC, Ethernet, IP68, Internal Antenna, Temperature Range -40 °C +70 °C GPS Electromagnetic Flowmeter Measure: Flow, Temperature and Quantity Output: 4-20mA, Pulse , Accuracy Max. ±0.05 % o.f.s. or ±5 μA Flow Meter A U T O S A M P L E R 13.56MHz, LED Indication, IO-Link Interface, M12 Connection, IP67 An Automatic Milk Sampling System, with GPRS facility. RFID Tag Reader 13.56MHz, Readable and Writable, 2kBit EEPROM, ISO15693, IP68 RFID Tag meter with a temperature sensor. It is a TankAssure comes in the form of a box that Supply Voltage 24V DC (From Tanker Battery) closed, containerised and digitally is mounted on the tanker, and functions to Housing SS304 password-protected system that consists automatically collect BMC milk samples, of seven sampling pumps, and RFID tagged measure milk quantity and temperature Electronics Control Panel SS304, IP65 tamper-proof sample vials. with the help of an in-built magnetic ﬂow Milk Line 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Semi Simless Fitting Clamp 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 NRV 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Key Highlights Of The System Filter 2mm Perforated 2mm Thickness 1 Inch, MOC SS 304 Gasket-EPDM End Connection-1.5” TC end • The electronically protected door can be opened only at the dairy plant by authorized persons only. through a Tablet device. The data can be transferred to the central system at the dairy for further analysis & evaluation. Air vent Weight of Auto Sampler < 250kg • The system can be conﬁgured to start/stop operations at the targeted location only. • Prompt Logistics App and/or Prompt AMCS App can be integrated into this system for route management. Dimension Of Auto Sampler (mm) 1575 X 777 X 500 Electro-mechanical, IP67 Protected Door Lock • The entire operation is controlled by a web-based application system operated