Operating Instructions: 1. How to Adjust the Set Temperature: Temperature will be set from Cloud. 2.How to Adjust Set Duration (Time): Duration will be set from Cloud. 3.How to Initiate Thawing: Powering On: User Manual Place "ThawEasy Lite Plus" on a stable, flat surface. Switch on the machine using the power button located at the back. The machine's display will show information about the Start Thawing Process Wait till water firmware version. temperature achieved Connect the Thawing machine with the mobile app through Bluetooth. Machine Setup: Fill/top up the water bath pipe with 50ml of clean RO water at room temperature (Between 25°C to Set Temp.) Ensure the water level is at the top. Water Heating: Press the "Start Thawing" button from Mobile app. to initiate water heating. The display of Machine and Mobile app. will indicate the water temperature, which will gradually rise. After some time the machine will automatically activate the vibrator for even heating. Alarm for Alarm for removing AI Worker Once it reaches the set temperature the machine will hold inserting straw straw, records Completes the set temperature for 30 seconds to ensure set temperature start-end time of AI request stability. thawing process Once the water temperature reaches desired temperature LED lite of machine ready will be On, Machine buzzer will ring & Also on the mobile app a animation of inserting the straw To be produced at the time of referring warranty will displayed. Once the machine is ready for thawing proceed for thawing. Device Type: Thawing Ready: Upon completion of the temperature holding time, a buzzer & Device ID: LED Indication will signal that the machine is ready for Prompt THAWEASY with a Bluetooth thawing, also animation indication available in the Mobile app Cash Memo/ Bill no.: enabled Mobile App is a digital solution to insert straw. Date of Purchase: which automates the entire thawing Insert the straw into the machine and press the button. process and ensures that the correct 4.How to Initiate Thawing: Customer Name: SOP of thawing is followed. Thawing Process: Address: Put the straw in side the device and press the enter button. The machine will commence a countdown for the pre-set Delar’s It is possible to program the equipment thawing duration. Signature with different combinations of time and When the countdown concludes, the buzzer will sound again, Delar Name: temperature for various kinds of semen signaling animation in the mobile app to removal of the straw. samples for different types of animals. Completing the Process: Remove the straw from the machine & press enter button. The machine will cease heating of water and enter in sleep mode, also display will be in off mode.  All the data related to thawing Automatically next screen will come to complete the  processes are stored in real-time process in the mobile app enabling decision making.7. Forceful Button Pressing: Avoid forceful or excessive Product Specification: ThawEasy Lite Plus pressing of buttons, especially during temperature Water Bath and duration adjustments. Parameter Specification Display 8. Power Interruption: Do not turn off the power LED Controller 16-bits Indication abruptly during operation, as it may affect the Operation machine's functionality. Keys 3 Push buttons Button 9. Buzzer Signals: Pay attention to buzzer signals and 3 digits, 7 Segment display promptly respond to them, especially when the Display for temperature (°C) & time machine indicates readiness for thawing or s foe rt - tp ho ai wnt in in gdication BIn atb tu ei rl yt completion of a process. 10. Heating media “Clean RO Water” Use only water as LEDs 6 LEDs Indicator thawing media, do not used any other material. Bluetooth (BLE) In-built LED Indication Operation Button 11. Thawing 1 straw at a time:- The machine is Power supply Adapter designed to thaw 1 straw at a time, do not thaw I On up tu pt u:1 t1 :10 4- V2 D80 CV 4A AC; 50/60 Hz; IndB ica at tt ie or ny T B Me l aum ie np t soe ora thtur 1 2 .m Do or e n oth t a stn a 1 rt s ht era aw ti na gt a w t itim hoe u f to fir ld lie ns gir wed a tr ee rs .ults. DC Input: 12-14VDC 4A Back Up Enter 13. Do not use heating water bath to heat something else such incident will be considered as unintended Temperature Sensor PT100 use and will void the warranty. Temperature 14. Any kind of physical damage, Water damage and Resolution 0.1 °C Pow Se wr iO tcn h/Off ChaB rga it nt ge r Py oint machine opening outside service center will also Thawing temperature Precaution & Warning: void the warranty. accuracy +/- 0.1 °C Features: Thawing Medium Volume approx. 50 ml (water) Built-in vibrator for uniform warming of water Thawing temperature 22 to 40 °C Temperature controllers to ensure consistent Vibrator In-built temperature of water bath with minimal fluctuation up to 0.1ºC Enclosure ABS Operating Alarm indication for completion of thawing cycle ~ 5 to 50 °C temperature Durable, lightweight, and portable table-top Heating & Thawing cycle device designed to withstand any weather Buzzer completion conditions Data can seamlessly integrate with the customer’s Tweezer M ofe st ea ml t ew ne se tz re ar w for handling oD po e nn o mt at cry h it no e Avo did ir eu cs tin lyg i nm ra ac inhine dD iro e cn to lyt fi frl ol w ma Tte ar p 20.3° a Dn igy i te ax li s dt ii sn pg l ad ya tt oa sp hla ot wfo cr am se o tr e s mer pv ee rr ature and time Straw per thawing 1 straw at at time In-built 12V(Nominal: 10.8V) 1. Avoid Overfilling: Do not exceed the recommended Bluetooth based Mobile App to fetch all the data 2800mAh Li-Ion; water quantity when filling the water bath pipe. and send to cloud. Web portal for user roles Battery Battery backup: 25+ 2. Do not fill water directly below the tap or flowing Unique software PLC logic for gradual water number of thawing water, this is electronic device and exposure to the AI heating and avoid major temperature fluctuation Water level sensor Not Included flowing water may case damaged to the device. during heating & thawing Thawing time 3 (c0 lo t uo d 1 2 co0 n s te rc oo l)nd 3 . oD ro fi n llo int gs u wb am tee rr ig ne td h t eh we ad te ev ri c be a tin h w pia pt ee .r for cleaning U p mas oe s dtr epb lea lirs nfe o gd r , m ed na a at na bc lea in n m ga l o by nt ei i tc t tos e ra ri nn dgd e c ad in sa idt oa np i rn met de ail kcli itg nive gence for 4. Do not use any harsh chemical such as caustic, Operation U buse tt o of n m foo rb oi ple e a rap tp io a nnd push Detergent or soap or acid to clean the machine. Power supply and battery charger 5. Unstable Placement: Avoid placing the machine on Programmable settings allow customers to Equipment weight ~ 550 gm an unstable or tilted surface to prevent accidents. customize time-temperature combinations for 6. Abrasive Cleaning: Do not use abrasive materials for different semen samples c &l e ea xn tein rng a t lo s ua rv fo ai cd e d s.amage to the machine’s internal EGHNUINGJDAL IRISAHTI M ano db Hile in A dp i p la i ns g a uv aa gil ea sble in English, Gujarati,