Operating Instructions: 1. How to Adjust the Set Temperature: Temperature will be set from Cloud. 2.How to Adjust Set Duration (Time): Duration will be set from Cloud. 3.How to Initiate Thawing: User Manual Powering On: Place "ThawEasy Smart Pro" on a stable, flat surface. Switch on the machine using the power button located at the back. Start Thawing Process Wait till water The machine's display will show information about the temperature achieved firmware version. Connect the Thawing machine with the mobile app through Bluetooth. Machine Setup: Fill/top up the water bath pipe with 50ml of clean RO water at room temperature (Between 25°C to Set Temp.) Ensure the water level is at the top. Mobile app will show you error notification if water is less then 40ml. Water Heating: Press the "Start Thawing" button from Mobile app. to initiate water heating. The display of Machine and Mobile app. will indicate the Alarm for Alarm for removing AI Worker water temperature, which will gradually rise. inserting straw straw, records Completes After some time the machine will automatically activate the start-end time of AI request vibrator for even heating. thawing process Once it reaches the set temperature the machine will hold the set temperature for 30 seconds to ensure set temperature stability. To be produced at the time of referring warranty Prompt THAWEASY with a Bluetooth Once the water temperature reaches desired temperature enabled Mobile App is a digital solution LED lite of machine ready will be On, Machine buzzer will ring Device Type: which automates the entire thawing & Also on the mobile app a animation of inserting the straw process and ensures that the correct will displayed. Device ID: SOP of thawing is followed. Once the machine is ready for thawing proceed for thawing. Cash Memo/ Bill no.: 4.How to Initiate Thawing: The regulatory sensors and controls have Thawing Process: Date of Purchase: been crafted with high mechanical Put the straw in side the device. Customer Name: precision to ensure correct thawing The machine will commence a countdown for the pre-set of the semen sample. thawing duration. Address: When the countdown concludes, the buzzer will sound again, signaling animation in the mobile app to removal of the straw. Delar’s It is possible to program the equipment Completing the Process: Signature with different combinations of time and Remove the straw from the machine. Delar Name: temperature for various kinds of semen The machine will cease heating of water and enter in sleep samples for different types of animals. mode, also display will be in off mode. Automatically next screen will come to complete the AI process in the mobile app. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli All the data related to thawing Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) processes are stored in real-time info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 |Follow us on enabling decision making.6. Abrasive Cleaning: Do not use abrasive materials for cleaning Product Specification: ThawEasy Smart Pro Front and Back panel: to avoid damage to the machine’s internal & external surfaces. Display Water 7. Forceful Button Pressing: Avoid forceful or excessive pressing Parameter Specification Bath of buttons, especially during temperature and duration Ope Br ua tt tio on n adjustments. Controller 16-bits 8. Power Interruption: Do not turn off the power abruptly during Keys 3 Push buttons IndicatL iE oD n 9 . o Bp ue zr za et ri o Sn ig, nas a li st : m Paa yy aa tf tf ee nct t it oh ne t m o bac uh zzin ee r 's s if gu nn ac lt si o ann dal i pty ro. mptly 3 digits, 7 Segment display respond to them, especially when the machine indicates Display for temperature (°C) & time readiness for thawing or completion of a process. set-point indication 10. Heating media “Clean RO Water” Use only water as thawing for thawing Inbuilt media, do not used any other material. LEDs 6 LEDs Indicator Battery 11. Thawing 1 straw at a time:- The machine is designed to thaw 1 straw at a time, do not thaw more than 1 straw at a time for Bluetooth (BLE) In-built desired results. Power supply Adapter 12. Do not start heating without filling water. Input: 110-280VAC; 50/60 Hz; LED Indication Operation Button 13. Do not use heating water bath to heat something else such Output : 14VDC 4A incident will be considered as unintended use and will void Temperature Sensor PD TC 1 0In 0put: 12-14VDC 4A IndB ica at tt ie or ny T B Me l aum ie np t soe ora thtur 1 4 .t oh A pe n e yw n ka inir n gr da on o ut fy t p. s ih dy es i sc ea rl v d ica em cea ng te e, rW wa it le l r a ld sa om voa ig de t han e d w m ara rac nh tin y.e Up EnterBack Temperature Features: 0.1°C Resolution Water sensor to measure the accurate volume Thawing temperature of water accuracy +/- 0.1°C Pow Se wr iO tcn h/Off ChaB rga it nt ge r Py oint Straw detector to indicate right time to dip the Thawing Medium Volume approx. 50 ml straw at right temperature (water) Precaution & Warning: Built-in vibrator for uniform warming of water Thawing temperature22 to 40°C Temperature controllers to ensure consistent Vibrator In-built temperature of water bath with minimal fluctuation up to 0.1ºC Enclosure ABS Operating ~ 5 to 50 °C Alarm indication for completion of thawing cycle temperature Durable, lightweight, and portable table-top Heating & Thawing cycle device designed to withstand any weather Buzzer completion conditions Data can seamlessly integrate with the customer’s Tweezer Metal tweezer for handling any existing data platform or server of semen straw 20.3° Digital display to showcase temperature and time Straw per thawing 1 straw at at time In-built 12V(Nominal: 10.8V) Bluetooth based Mobile App to fetch all the data 5700mAh Li-Ion; and send to cloud. Web portal for user roles Battery Battery backup: 40+ Do not try to Avoid using machine Do not fill water Unique software PLC logic for gradual water number of thawing open machine directly in rain directly from Tap AI heating and avoid major temperature fluctuation Water level sensor Conductive type during heating & thawing 1. Avoid Overfilling: Do not exceed the recommended water User based data analytics and data intelligence for Thawing time 30 to 120 second quantity when filling the water bath pipe. past performance monitoring and predictive (cloud control) 2. Do not fill water directly below the tap or flowing water, this modelling, enabling better decision making Operation F mu oll by i o lep ae pra ptional through i cs a e sele dct ar mon ai gc e d de v toic te h a en dd e e vx icp eo .sure to the flowing water may Power supply and battery charger 3. Do not submerged the device in water for cleaning or filling Programmable settings allow customers to Equipment weight ~ 800 gm water in the water bath pipe. customize time-temperature combinations for 4. Do not use any harsh chemical such as caustic, Detergent or different semen samples soap or acid to clean the machine. 5 . u U nn ss tata bb lele o P r l ta ilc te em d e sun rt f: a A cv eo ti od pp rla ec vein ng t t ah ce c im dea nc th si .ne on an EGHNUINGJDAL IRISAHTI M ano db Hile in A dp i p la i ns g a uv aa gil ea sble in English, Gujarati,