Our ideas and innovations are a part of the pursuit of maintaining the sanctity of milk so that the world’s most ancient health drink can be appreciated as it truly is – untouched and unadulterated. Presence across Presence across Presence across 28 states 300 districts 57,000+ villages 900+ legacy of more than 8 patented team members 3 decades products Optimise your farm with related products MilkoScreen MilkoScreen accurately measures fat, SNF and protein-based on proven FT-Infrared Technology. It also detects various adulterants such as added water, urea, sucrose, maltodextrin, and ammonium sulphate present in the milk. Milkochill Milkochill Milk Chiller brings the benefits of instant milk chilling by bringing down the temperature of milk up to 7 degree Celsius right after milking. The system provides for instant chilling of milk even in the absence of electricity to ensure the quality of milk is retained at the source and bacterial growth is arrested. Smartbox SmartBox is designed to monitor Bulk Milk Coolers (BMC) to keep track of milk quantity, temperature, compressor, and agitator status. Any deviation observed will notify the server and the end-user through its GSM connectivity. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, Nr. Navratna Building, C J Marg Iscon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 380058 (India) AUTOMATIC MILK Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com COLLECTION SYSTEM (AMCS) Follow us onHow do we FEATURES: • Ensures fast and accurate milk collection • DC Power as well as solar power based keep it pure? system available • Interoperability with any make of Milk Analyser, Weighing scale and Printer • Real-time actionable SMS and Email alerts and notifications • Can be integrated with platforms like SAP/Oracle/ERP • Real-time monitoring, instant analysis, Prompt provides innovative solutions for an multi-platform solution which digitizes the and advanced reports efficient dairy procurement supply chain. entire milk collection system. All the data is • Supports regional languages From farm management and milk collection uploaded on the cloud, which provides • Being a 100% indigenous product, • Unlimited data storage on Micro SD service support is available to quality analysis and preservation, we have real-time information of milk collection to Card with back-up provisions across India different equipment and software to ensure the stakeholders. AMCS enables • Multiple rate charts can be changed & • Farmer App, VDCS App and MU App to that the purity of milk is retained at every step. transparency between dairy, milk collection uploaded: fat wise, SNF wise, shift wise support stakeholders Our unique offering, Automatic Milk Collection centre and farmers. System (AMCS) is a comprehensive, Our Product in this pursuit – Graphic representation Automatic Milk Collection System (AMCS) of the AMCS A PROFESSIONAL SOLUTION ENABLING TRANSPARENCY & EFFICIENCY Our AMCS is a cloud-based system (hardware suitable. If the requirement is limited to milk + software) which automates milk collection collection/procurement transactions, then we offer system, ensures procurement of good quality Data Processor Unit (DPU) based AMCS (Andy-Pro of milk, links farmer’s accounts with banks for DPU, DP-Pro DPU, and DC-Pro DPU); and if the cashless payments and provides actionable requirement involves advanced transactions such real-time alerts to stakeholders. Based on the as accounting in addition to milk collection/ usage and requirement, we offer various procurement transactions, then we offer PC models of AMCS to make it economically (Personal Computer) based AMCS (PC-Pro AMCS). COMPONENTS OF AMCS • Milk Analyzer/Fat’omatic/Milkoscreen • Display Unit • Electronic Weighing Scale • Sankalan Cloud • PC/DPU unit with Software • Farmer App • VDCS App • Inbuilt/External Printer • Milk Union App • GSM ModemPC-Pro: DP-Pro AMCS PC Based AMCS ARM PROCESSOR BASED DPU WITH GRAPHICAL LCD PC-Pro system is highly useful where, in addition to the milk procurement transactions, more complex transactions such as A cost-effective and comprehensive unit, which runs on accounting and analytics is required. It is best suitable for huge Linux, and facilitates deduction and sales transactions. volume collection and for multiple activities like cluster BMC It is sturdily built for rugged environment and has an solutions, Raw Milk Receiving Dock Solution, etc. It generates inbuilt printer and battery backup. Data can be easily various kinds of Milk Transaction Reports, Accounts Reports, transferred through GSM/Pen Drive. Financial Reports and Special Reports. Customized reports as per It can be customized as per customer’s requirement customer's requirement can also be developed. The PC allows multi-tasking and cloud connectivity allows to access data from FOR INTERFACE remote location. Either of Fat’omatic or Milk Analyzer can be • 3 Serial Port • 2 USB Port interfaced with the system. Some of the Major Reports Generated Some of the Major Reports Generated • Shift Report • Payment Register • Item Purchase • Purchase report • Rate difference report • Trial balance sheet • Shift Summary • Member List • Item Sales • Shift-wise local sales report • Stocks inventory • Balance sheet report • Member Passbook • Deduction • Item Stock • Payment report • Profit and loss report • Month-wise milk purchase report • Individual producer’s ledger • Cashbook Andy-Pro AMCS DC-Pro AMCS SMART DPU WITH TOUCH SCREEN TABLET MICRO CONTROLLER BASED DPU WITH FUNCTIONALITY FOR BETTER EFFICIENCY LCD SCREEN & MECHANICAL KEYBOARD An entry-level unit, which works on its own database & operating system. It has an inbuilt printer & battery It is the latest and the advanced DPU unit, which backup. Data can be easily transferred through works on the Android Operating System. It comes GSM/Pen drive. Beside ports for weighing scale, milk with a GUI (Graphical User Interface) display for better analyzer, display board, and USB devices, it has an visualization and operation. Also, it is enabled with external printer connectivity port for printing in-built Bluetooth, Wifi and GSM modem. It can be spread-sheets from it directly. customized as per customer’s requirement. FOR INTERFACE FOR INTERFACE • 3 Serial Port • 1 USB Port • 1 Parallel Port • 3 Serial port • 1 Serial and 1 USB port for external printer • 1 USB for external keyboard/pendrive Some of the Major Reports Generated: Some of the Major Reports Generated: • Purchase Register • Payment Register • Purchase Register • Member Milk Bill • Truck Sheet • Bonus Register • Truck Sheet • Payment Register • Purchase Summary • Member List • Purchase Summary • Member List • Member Milk Bill • Rate-ChartRetains Milk Quality Speeds up Milk Collection The real-time data makes detection of any AMCS enables automatic milk collection malpractices possible, which reduces the process and eliminates the need for Our Cloud Solution for poor quality milk in the supply chain. maintaining records on registers manually. Also, increased transparency encourages Hence, milk collection centres can collect centralized milk procurement farmers to pour good quality milk. more milk in less time. and management Manages Advanced Transactions Cashless Payments While accurately assessing the quality of milk, The total amount being paid to farmer is the AMCS system also manages all ancillary directly transferred in the bank account of Our Sankalan cloud connects all the components and input trading transactions and allied the farmer through AMCS. It also of AMCS and makes the data available in real-time services. The system also generates advanced increases farmer loyalty towards dairy. to all stakeholders. Through Sankalan, the dairy has accounting reports and legal compliance better control over the milk procurement supply reports. chain as it is constantly aware of all the developments such as procurement of milk, milk received at the chilling plant, payments and bank transactions. • Publishes live milk rates online to all locations from a central place. BENEFITS OF AMCS AT VARIOUS LEVELS • Provides complete data of farmers, society members, agents to the dairy. • Sends real-time SMS & E-mail alerts on milk collection data and important events. For Farmers For Milk For Milk • Generates MIS Reports with charts & graphs to monitor performance at all milk Collection Centres Unions/ Dairies procurement levels to compare the milk collection data. • Milk collection data can be integrated with SAP/ERP portals. • The farmers registered • Makes daily milk • Real-time information • The system operates on a VPN/MPLS platform on a 2G/3G/4G network. with the society receive collection quick and of entire milk collection messages on their phone automatic • Supports Farmers App – for farmers, VDCS App – for milk collection centres, with details of their • Connects all milk Milk Union App – for milk union and dairies. shift-wise milk sale • AMCS provides a single collection centres platform for recording • Farmers also receive and accounting of milk • Indicator of malpractice notifications whenever their data at any level data are recorded/ modified that helps them • Reduces human error • Makes milk procurement keep track of their milk supply chain more business • AMCS software provides efficient Auto-upgrade facility and BENEFITS OF AMCS • Farmers can view their Remote Desktop Utility • Predictive intelligence milk balance account, to the milk collection and business intelligence Improves Transparency Real-Time Data Management & Analytics passbook, milk sale centres that reduces the through analytical The milk collection software captures The portal generates various alerts for details, remuneration cost of field visits reports milk quantity, Fat, SNF, in real-time and actionable insights and BI analytical obtained, bank balance, etc. in Farmers App automatically calculates amount payable reports which enables informed decision to the farmer as per rate chart stored by making - to ensure profitability, quality • Cashless payments directly dairy. Any error due to manual capturing of milk and transparency in the system. into their bank accounts of data is eliminated. This enhances transparency between farmer, milk • Trust building with the collection centre and dairy regarding transparency of transactions the quantity and quality of milk.