
Table 1:
	In the above login page, enter your username and password. While entering, make
sure that they are written in proper case as the password is case sensitive.
In case of the password is forgotten, you can contact the head office or the e-Mail ID
or phone number given below the form for the assistance.
Currently, there are 2 types of users:
1. Admin: Admin will be those types of users, who will be having high authority
and command over plant.
2. Support: Support users will be generally the supervisors.	
		

Table 2:
 Server Roles are the roles
created in the system, by
which different levels can
be created for the users as
per rights given.
 For that user can go to
Master menu – Admin
Master - Server Roles.
 Above are the roles
created so far for the
system, which are having
different kind of
permissions and they can
be used on different levels.
More roles can be created
as per new requirements
by server Admin only.

Table 3:
 Server users mean the users
who are going to use or
manage the portal.
 As per the requirement, the
users can be made by given
different roles.
 To create the User, you need
to go to Master menu –
Admin Master – Server User.
The next screen will show the list of users. Details explained below.
Here in this page, you can see the list of created Users with User Name, User Role, Full
Name, Mobile Number, Email Id etc. details.

Table 4:
	 As per the requirement, the
users can block or unblock the
member.
 For that user can go to Master
menu – Admin Master –
Block/Unblock Member.
	
The next screen will show the list of Block Users. Details explained below.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of Blocked Users with Farmer Code,
Farmer Name, from and To Date and Reason for Block/Unblock details. The
user can edit the respective details by clicking the Edit option present in every
row. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make any desired
changes.
Now click the option named + New.	

Table 5:

By clicking on the + New option, you will get the form as shown above. The fields are
explained as:
1. Block Farmer: User can Block the farmer from here.Enter the username.
2. Unblock Farmer: User can Unblock the blocked farmer from here.
3. Society: Select the society of the Farmer to Block the Member.
4. From Farmer: Here you need to select the farmer starting code.
5. To Farmer: If you want block more than one farmer then in that case select the
last farmer Code here.
6. Effective Date: Here you need to mention the date from which Member is block.
7. Reason: here you need to select the reason as Block/Unblock Farmer from
dropdown tab.
8. Remarks: If you are having any highlights/remarks, write them here.
Afterwards click on SAVE button.

Table 6:
	 You can find the option as
Master Menu - Rate
Configuration – Rate
Template.
 After selecting this option,
you would see the screen as
shown below.
	
Here in this page user need to fill the Minimum and Maximum FAT & SNF value for
Buffalo Milk, Cow Milk and Mix Milk.	

Table 7:

 Adding and managing the milk rate is one of the most important tasks which would be
executed by the users at the plant.
 You can find the option as Master Menu - Rate Configuration – Milk Rate.
 After selecting this option, you would see the screen as shown below.

Table 8:

The next screen will show the list of Rates added so far in the system. Details explained
below.
1. + New: The button to add new Rate Chart.
2. Edit: If any entry is needed to be changed, by clicking this button the user can make it.
3. Effective Date: The effective date of the Rate chart to be applied would be seen here.
4. Shift: From which shift this rate is applied.
5. Rate Type: Here the type of the rate chart is seen, which would be Farmer Rate in this
case.
6. Reference No: The user can see the reference no if there is any in the circular or notice
from the company.
7. Is Published: The status of the rate update would be seen here, whether it has been
published or not.
8. Remarks: If any remarks has been made in the rate chart then it would be seen here
9. Status: If you want to see the rates based on their status like active or inactive, you can
select the type from here
10. Delete: If you want to delete the selected rate, you can use this button.
11. Export: If you want to Export the rates, you can use this button.
12. Close: This button will allow the user closing the form.

Table 9:

 If Rate chart format is not available with you then you can download RateChart Format
from Download Sample MilkRate as shown in above figure.
 You need to enter the details of your new rate in the respective fields. Afterwards the
same file would be added in the Milk Rate, explained in the next stage.
Here you need to download FatSNF_RateChart_Sample.

Table 10:

You need to mention the FAT Rate and also SNF Rate for Buff and Cow provided by
union in particular field in the sheet.
1. Effective Date: Date from when the Milk rate is going to be count on
2. Effective Shift: Whether it is going to be applied from Morning shift or evening.
3. Rate Version:
4. Rate Type: Type of rate on which rate is calculated,here it should be FATSNF
always.
5. FAT Rate Cow: Here you need to mentiion rate of FAT for Cow milk.
6. FAT Rate Buff: Here you need to mentiion rate of FAT for Buff milk.
7. FaT Rate Mix: Here you need to mentiion rate of FAT for Mix milk.
8. SNF Rate Cow: Here you need to mentiion rate of SNF for Cow milk.
9. SNF Rate Buff: Here you need to mentiion rate of SNF for Buff milk.
10. SNF Rate Mix: Here you need to mentiion rate of SNF for Mix milk,
11. Rate Code: Here rate code need to be mention which is provided by union.

Table 11:

After clicking the + New button, you will see a new window to add the milk rate. This
window have the milk rate chart properties as shown in above image explained
below.
1. Effective Date: Insert the effective date from which the new rate should be
applied.
2. Effective Date: Insert the effective shift from which the new rate should be
applied.
3. Rate Calculated On: Union will calculate the rate on any of the milk parameter
from below. Select one which used here from the given options below
a. FAT
b. SNF
c. LR
d. CLR Reading
e. FATSNF
4. Reference No: Enter the reference number which could be the circular or notice
number with the new rate from the company.
5. Society For: Select which kind of solution for milk collection is being used at
society.
a. AMCS: If PC based software system is used
b. DPU: If Data Processor based system is used
c. Android: If Android based system is used

Table 12:

Next step after selection of rate chart file is click on Rate Chart button then this figure
will appear and we need to verify the rates of cow and buffalo which was given from
dairy.
After Verification done of rate chart then next step is publish.

Table 13:
When you select option all society and click to publish then FATSNF rate chart will
publish to all the societies of Union at a time.


Table 14:
The next option is to apply on the individual society. Here, you can make the selection
in different manner and they are explained one by one in details below. Select
individual society in the Publish option.

When you select option Individual society for Rate chart publish, three options will be
enable for rate chart publish.
1. Search by Region: In this option you can publish rate chart region wise.
2. Search by Society: In this option you can publish rate chart by selecting
particular one Society wise. Here you can publish rate chart in one society only
at a time.
3. Search by Interval: In this option you can publish rate chart by selecting
number of societies at a time. Here you can publish rate chart in more than
one society.

Table 15:
	After creation of farmer you need to
mention Bank details for farmers. For that
User need to go Master – Bank.
	
In this page Bank Details like Bank Name, Bank Branch, IFSC Code, MICR Code, Bank
Type are mention.	

Table 16:

For bank mapping you need to fill following details in farmer mapping.
1. Bank Name: From the drop down menu you need to select the appropriate
bank of farmer.
2. Bank Branch & Bank Branch code: Here mention the Bank branch name &
Bank Branch Code.
3. Bank IFSC code: IFSC code will fetch automatically when you select bank.
4. Bank MICA Code: Here mention the MICA Code of Bank.
5. Bank Type: From drop down menu available here you need to select type of
bank account like saving or current account of farmer.

Table 17:
	 When the farmer is needed to be
added in the portal, this option is
used. It has been made the process
that the farmers can only be added
from the server side, so that the new
farmer addition can be done from
here only.
 You can find the option under the
Masters menu.
 After selecting the option, you would
see the screen as shown below.

Table 18:
	 After selecting the menu, the
screen would look like besides,
which is having the options
shown besides.
 Here, select the last option which
is showing Sample File.

Table 19:

Fill the following the details,
1. Effective Date: The effective date means the date in DD-MM-YYYY format, from
which the membership period of the farmer would start.
2. MPP code: The MPP’s 4 digits code.

Table 20:
3. Member code: The 4-digit code given to the member.
4. Member Name: Enter the member’s full name here.
5. Member Name Local: Enter the member’s name in local language.
6. DOB: Enter the date of the birth of the member.
7. Gender: Enter the gender number as per given instruction of the member,
whether Male or Female. Male=1 and Female=2.
8. Cast: Enter the cast of the member as per given number only, SC=1, OBC=2, ST=3,
General=4, and other=5.
9. Marital Status: Enter the marital status as per given number instruction. Single=1,
Married=2, Window=3, Widower=4 and Divorced=5.
10. Is Educated: Enter if the farmer is educated or not.
11. Date of joining: Enter the date of joining of the farmer in the MPP in DD-MM-YYYY
format.

Fill the following the details,
1. Registration No: Enter the registration number provided to the farmer from the
MPP.
2. Aadhar Card No: Enter the 10 digits no for Aadhar card of the employee.
3. SAP No: Enter the SOP no provided for the user.
4. Census Code: Enter the census no of the employee generated from the data.
5. Nominee name: Enter the member’s nominee’s name.

Table 21:
	 Now, from the portal’s form,
select the IMPORT option as
shown in the image.
 Here, upload the file which has
just created

Table 22:
	To enable Manual Milk Collection, you
can select Manual Milk Request option
under the Transaction menu.
	
The next screen will show the list of Manual Milk Request. Details explained below.
Here in this page, you can see the list of Manual Milk Request with Society Code, Society
Name, From Date, From Shift, To Date, To Shift, Manual Entry in Fat, Manual Entry in Weight.
The user can approve or Reject the respective request by clicking the Edit option present in
every row. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make any desired changes.	
	

Table 23:
	To enable Milk Edit, you can select Milk
Edit Request option under the
Transaction menu.
	
The next screen will show the list of milk edit request. Details explained below. Here in
this page, you can see the list of milk edit request with Society Code, Society Name, Farmer
Code, Date, Sample No., Milk Type and Shift.	
	
The user can approve or Reject the respective request by clicking the Edit option present in
every row. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make any desired changes.
Now from this page all the details related to Milk Edit Request are shown, from here only you
can Approve or Reject the Milk Edit Request.	

Table 24:
There are several reports created in the
Portal, they are been divided in different
categories.
1. Milk Reports: Reports related to Milk
Transaction.
2. Account Reports: Reports related to the
Accounts.
3. MPP Reports: Reports based on MPPs.
4. Special Reports: Reports created
specifically for client.
5. Other Reports: Miscellaneous reports
can be seen here.
6. Payment Reports: Reports related to
Payment.
Different reports are explained ahead.
To view the different reports user need to select some parameters like
From Date and To Date, From Shift and To Shift, From Member and To Member,
Milk type and Society etc.

Table 25:
Refresh
Parameter
Export

Table 26:
It displays all the milk collection data farmer wise and date wise for the selected society,
selected shift and selected date range and farmer range. It can be found under the Milk
Reports.

Table 27:
The report has been created for viewing the Milk Collection edited data like Rate, FAT,
Qty with difference than older data for selected MPP, selected date range, shift and
sabhasad range. It can be found under the Milk Reports.
You can find in two different Milk Edit reports. One is Region wise and another one is
Society wise.

Table 28:
The report has been created for viewing the edit requests seen so far from the MPPs. It
can be found under the Milk Reports. It also provide summarized data of milk edit for
milk collection amount society wise according to selected parameters. It bifurcate data
according to difference between final milk edit amount and initial milk collection
amount.
