
Table 1:
The important data of the portal will
be found here. On clicking in the
menu of Masters, first menu you will
see is BMC.
BMC menu is used to create BMC
and their details.
This page will open when you click on BMC in Master Menu. Here in this page user can
View the Created BMC details with BMC code & Name, Address and contact person
name & Mobile number for particular BMCs.

Table 2:
The important data of the portal will
be found here. On clicking in the
menu of Masters, last menu you will
see is General Settings.
This page will open when you click on General Settings in Master Menu. Here in this
page user can enter following details.
 Diesel rate per Litre: Here you need to mention per litre Diesel rate for BMC.
 Grid rate per Unit: Here you need to enter Grid rate per Unit for BMC.
 Agitator on duration before dispatch (minutes): Here you need to mention the time
in minutes for Agitator use before the dispatch.
 CIP Start Duration after Dispatch (minutes): Here you need to mention the time in
minutes of CIP after the dispatch.
 Minimum CIP Temperature: Here you need to mention the Minimum CIP
temperature in OC.
 Minimum CIP Duration (minutes): Here you need to mention the Minimum CIP
Duration in Minutes.
 Minimum CIP Quantity (Ltr.): Here you need to mention the Minimum CIP Quantity
in Ltr.
 Overchilling Temperature: Here you need to mention the overchilling temperature in
OC.
 Underchilling Temperature: Here you need to mention the underchilling
temperature in OC.

Table 3:
Milk data report is the most commonly
used report. Here you are shown in detail
all the information related to the milk
that is in the selected BMC.
By clicking on the report, you will see
such a report as shown below.


Table 4:
Here, select the date from which you want to see data in From Date and the date you
want to see data from to date. Then, select the code and name of the tank. Below you
will find two options of reports and charts. By clicking on the report, you will see such a
report as shown below.
Note: Here you can see maximum 2 days of data. So, you put a date of one or two days
here.
1. In the report, you have been given the option of search, which you can use according
to the need.
2. On the top right, you are given the option for export to PDF and Excel.
3. You will be able to record on events such as temperature change, sudden increase
or decrease in milk capacity and running or damming of the Agitators, compressors
or generators whenever there is any change in BMC with date and time. You will see
all the status of BMC at that time.
For example, at that time how much liter / kg of milk was there, what is the
temperature, compressors, agitators, generators were on or off. Also, the Power supply
Status.

Table 5:
Note: Here you can see maximum 2 days of data. So, you put a date of one or two days
here.

Table 6:
This special report has been made to
see the details of dispatch. Here you
can see the information of the dispatch
of previous days.
By clicking on the report, you will see
such a report as shown below.
Even here, you have to select the date and BMC. You can see the details of dispatches
up to 1 month in a report, select the date accordingly.
You will see the details of dispatch according to the day, in which its start time, time to
finish, time spent in dispatch, capacity of dispensed milk, temperature of that time.
Before that time, you can also see how long the activator was on or tied up. According
to the Union's own rules, you can know whether the clarifier has been run properly or
not.
Also, the display in the smart box is automatic or you can see it manually here.

Table 7:
This special report has been made where
you can see the information of how much
time the temperature in BMC was higher
than the prescribed temperature. This
report has been given in great detail, in
which complete information has been
given.
By clicking on the report, you will see such
a report as shown below.
Select the date of the day you want to see here. You report this in two ways. In the summary,
you will get brief information. While the detailed report will show you the complete
information. Also you can select the report according to the temperature above how many
degrees.
For example, if you want to see how many times the temperature has gone above 5 degrees
Celsius, select the temperature in the temperature here. Below you will find a report in which
the date and time, how much milk was in the tank at that time will be shown in liters and
kilos, how many degrees were the temperature at that time and how long it lasted.

Table 8:
The information about how much
generator is used in any BMC is very
important. It has been given special
attention in this portal that the correct
information about the diesel used in the
generator and its consumption can reach
the customer completely.
By clicking on the report, you will see such
a report as shown below.
At the time of installation, the technical information of the generator as well as how
much diesel is consumed in an hour of running the tank is put. According to which the
amount of diesel must have been used in the amount of time that BMC generator will
run on it.

Table 9:
The information about Cleaning is done or
not in any BMC is very important. It has
been given special attention in this portal
that the correct information about the CIP
of the BMC tank can reach the customer
completely.
By clicking on the report, you will see such
a report as shown below.
 Select the date of the day you want to see here. You report this in two ways. In
the summary, you will get brief information. While the detailed report will show
you the complete information.
 Below you will find a report in which the date, CIP Start and End timing, CIP
temperature, how much milk was in the tank in liters at CIP time, Agitator and
CIP status will be shown.

Table 10:
Like the generator report, another report has
been created called Usage Report. Here,
along with generators, information about the
use of all parts such as clarifiers and
compressors will also be available.
By clicking on the report, you will see such a
report as shown below.

In this report too, you have to enter the date you want to see in the From Date and Two Date.
You can also see this report in detail and summary. In detail, you can see different reports of
generators, compressors, clarifiers, AC mains, and reports of everyone if you want. In the
summary you will see a summary of all of them together.
You can see all the information in the summary above in the report. This information very
easily gives any necessary information to any person and according to which action can be
made to take further action.

Table 11:
This special report has been made to
understand diesel and power
consumption carefully.
By clicking on the report, you will see
such a report as shown below.
 Here, select the date you want to see the report and select BMC. Depending on
the setting, you will see the diesel and grid cost here. The person, who has the
rights to it, can change it if he needs it.
 Here you can see how much diesel is used and how many units of energy are
used. This information is divided into two parts: used for chilling and not used
for chilling. Used for chilling means that the milk temperature was higher than
the BMC standard temperature and this diesel or unit is used to cool it.
 Not used for chilling means that the temperature of the milk here was the same,
either there was no milk in the tank, yet diesel or units have been used in BMC.
And after that the complete details and expenses will be found below.

Table 12:
This is a special report. BMC is mainly
used for the reports which are explained
here, this report has been made by
mixing them together.
By clicking on the report, you will see
such a report as shown below.
Here, just select the date and BMC and you will get a complete report, in which all the
information from that BMC's milk data report to the usage report will be prepared.
Here you will be able to see a new segment in which you will see the alerts report. Alerts
are specially prepared. Alerts are generated if the changes decided in the alerts are seen
in BMC tank. The person whose mobile number has been registered, gets an SMS from
every rock alert here. These can be changed according to the customer's requirement.
You will be able to see how many such alerts are generated here.

Table 13:
In addition, you will see the usage report, shift summary and dispatch report.
According to these reports, if the user wishes then he can take steps to improve the
condition of BMC.
