
Table 1:
		
Give the all the require permissions while installing the application as shown
above. After giving all require permissions, Farm365 application will install in
your Android phone.		
After successful
installation, open the
application and login
using provided
Username & Password.	After successful login
Dashboard for AI
Worker will open
automatically as shown
above.	After successful login
Dashboard for Farmer
will open automatically
as shown above.

Table 2:
To Register a farmer, AI worker need to
mention following details of farmer in this
page.
Name: Enter the Farmer name here.
Gender: Select the gender of farmer.
Farmer Culture: Here select the language of
farmer, by default language is English.
Village Name: Mention the village name
from dropdown list.
Date of Birth: Select the proper date of birth
of farmer.
Age: Age will come automatically when you
mention the Date of Birth of farmer.
Mobile No.: Mention the mobile number of
farmer carefully here. If mobile No. is wrong
then farmer will not receive any SMS for
Login as well as for different Alerts.
After filling details press the NEXT button to
proceed for next page of Register Farmer.
In this second page AI Worker need to
mention first for the Alert Subscription.
SMS Alerts Subscription: mention Yes to
receive the SMS for Alerts
Types of Alert: Select the type of Alerts for
which SMS Alerts will generate.
1. SMS Alert Language: Here select the
language for the SMS, by default language is
English.
Select the Types of Alerts from available
dropdown list and press OK button.
In the Alert list Heat, AI, PD, DryingUp,
Calving, HeatDetect, and RecheckPD are
available.
Note: Don’t forget to click on HeatDetect
Alert.

Table 3:
	If mobile No. is wrong
then farmer will not receive any SMS for	
Login as well as for different Alerts.	

Table 4:
Note: Don’t forget to click on HeatDetect
Alert.

Table 5:
After filling the Alert Subscription detail AI
Worker need to mention Farm Info of the
Farmer in the second page.
2. Milk Data Recording Frequency: Here
mention 1, 1 means farmer need to mention
Milk recording data every day.
3. Method: Here need to mention the Milking
method from the dropdown list, it list Semi-
Automatic, Automatic and Manual options
are available, always Select Manual.
4. Milking Cycle Start Day: This date will come
automatically as per the farmer registration.
Now click on SUBMIT button to register the
farmer.
After completing the registration process
this page will open, it is showing Register
farmer details.
AI Worker can change the register farmer
details from Edit button.

Table 6:
To Register an Animal, farmer need to
mention following details in this page.
Animal Name: Enter the animal name here.
Insurance Tag: This is optional field.
E-Tag: Mention the E-Tag number available
on the Heat Detection belt.
Company Tag: Mention the Animal’s Ear Tag
(Yellow tag) number here.
Animal type: Select the type of animal, cow or
buffalo.
Breed: Select the breed of the animal from
the dropdown list.
Animal Gender: Select the gender of animal.
Date of Birth: Select the proper date of birth
of animal.
Age: Age will come automatically when you
mention the Date of Birth of animal.
After filling details press the NEXT button to
proceed for next page of Register Animal.
In this second page Animal Registration
Farmer need to mention details of life
stage of animal.
Stage: Select the life stage of animal from
dropdown list between Calf, Heifer and
Adult.
Animal Girth: Mention animal girth in inch.
Weight: Weight will come automatically
when you mention the Girth of animal.
Note: If farmer don’t know the Girth of
animal then directly mention the weight,
value of Girth will come automatically.

Table 7:
After filling the Lift stage details farmer
need to mention Breeding Information in
the same page.
5. Pregnancy Status: Select the Pregnancy
Status of animal, Pregnant or
NonPregnant.
6. Note: If animal is Pregnant then farmer
need to mention Last Calving date, Last AI
Done Date and Last PD date.
7. Last Calving: Mention the last calving date.
8. Last Date of AI: Mention when last AI done
date.
9. PD Date: Mention the PD date.
Current Lactation Number: Mention the
current Lactation Number.
10. After filling details press the NEXT button
to proceed for next page of Register
Animal.
In Breeding information if animal is
NonPregnant then farmer need to
mention Last Calving date and Last AI
Done Date.
11. Last Calving: Mention the last calving date.
12. Last Date of AI: Mention when last AI done
date.
Current Lactation Number: Mention the
current Lactation Number.
Current Milking Stage: Select the Milking
Stage of animal, Milking or Dry.
After filling details press the NEXT button
to proceed for next page of Register
Animal.

Table 8:
Note: If animal is Pregnant then farmer
need to mention Last Calving date, Last AI
Done Date and Last PD date.

Table 9:
In Breeding information if animal is
NonPregnant then farmer need to
mention Last Calving date and Last AI
Done Date.

Table 10:
After filling the Life Stage, Breeding
Information and Milk info in second page
farmer need to mention Parental Data of the
animal in the third page.
13. Mother Name: Mention the animal’s mother
name here.
14. Mother ID Number: Mention the mother’s ID
number here.
15. Father Name: Mention the animal’s father
name here.
16. Father ID Number: Mention the father’s ID
number here.
17. Father’s Mother Name: Mention the name of
father’s mother here.
18. Father’s Mother ID Number: Mention the ID
number of Father’s Mother here.
Now click on SUBMIT button to register the
farmer.
 After completing the registration process of Animal this page will open, it is
showing Register Animal details.
 In the same page Farmer will also see Heat Detection Activity Graph.

Table 11:
After completing the registration process of
Animal farmer need to mention Breeding
event information for each registered
animals.
For that click on the breeding tab available
at the bottom of dashboard.
In the breeding page Farmer can add
following Breeding event information.
 Heat
 AI/NI
 PD
 Drying
 BCS
 Calving

Table 12:
If animal health is good then select from 3
to 5 and if animal health is bad then select
from 1 or 2.

Table 13:
In Farm365 Application farmer can record the milking data for each registered animal
from Milk Production tab in Dashboard.
In Milk Production page farmer can add data of Milk for each animal for both Morning
& Evening shift wise as well as Total Milk data date wise for each registered Animal.
In the Milk Recording page farmer can add Milk data for particular Animal for Morning,
Evening and also for Total.
In this page first farmer need to select Animal Company tag number in
Authentication, then need to select Milking Date and Milking Shift, and Milk Quantity
for that particular Animal.
Now click on SAVE button to save the Milk Production information of animal.

Table 14:
	
From the More menu available at the bottom of dashboard in Farm365 application
farmer can update his own profile, and Also have the access for Animal list, income
Expense function, Event Prediction Report, Facility to Sync data, Application
Update facility and information of the Farm365.	
In the More page from view option,
Farmer can view or update his own
profile.
In this farmer profile page from edit
button farmer can update his own
profile information.	

Table 15:

In the income page list of income accounts will be fetch directly from server, farmer
need to select the item type from dropdown list and mention the dates and press
the NEXT button.
In income entry page farmer need to mention the Quantity and Rate of particular
item and press SUBMIT button.

In the expense page list of expense accounts will be fetch directly from server,
farmer need to select the item type from dropdown list and mention the dates and
press the NEXT button.
In expense entry page farmer need to mention the Quantity and Rate of particular
item and press SUBMIT button.

Table 16:
From Report function farmer can see
Event Prediction Report.
In the Event Prediction Report farmer
can see upcoming event in current
Month calendar.
If you want to see which animal event is
coming then just click on the calendar
date of particular event.
When you click on the date of particular
event then this page will open, here
farmer can see the animal tag number.

Table 17:
In any case if farmer want to logout from
the application then this function will
use.
At the time of logout if internet is not
available then farmer cannot logout
from the application and this page will
show.
At the time of logout, internet is available
then farmer can logout and this page will
show, here in the page press the logout
button.
