The pursuit of purity Our ideas and innovations are a part of the pursuit of maintaining the sanctity of milk so that the world’s most ancient health drink can be appreciated as it truly is – untouched and unadulterated. Presence across Presence across Presence across 28 states 300 districts 50,000+ villages 900+ Legacy of more than 8 patented team members 3 decades products Optimise your dairy business with related products Milk Analyzer DPMCU The Indiz Ultrasonic Milk Analyzer provides The Data Processing Milk Collection Unit accurate milk parameter readings such as Fat, (DPMCU) has an integrated milk collection SNF, Added Water and Density and links it software that accepts data from Electronic with the pay-out to the farmer in real-time. Weighing Scale and Milk Analyzer. The DPU This increases transparency and profitability machine (with cloud connectivity) arising out of improvement in quality of processes this data and prints milk slips milk collected. through its in-built printer. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, Nr. Navratna Building, C J Marg Iscon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad, Gujarat- 380058 (India) Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com FAT'OMATIC MILK FAT MEASURING MACHINE Follow us onThree steps towards accuracy: How do we keep it pure? 1. Sample bottle is placed under the invert-U shaped suction pipette. 0.5 ml milk will be sucked in. 2 Prompt provides innovative solutions for an fully automatic milk fat measuring machine 2. Use empty beaker under the pipette to collect milk & fat 3 solution mixture that comes out. efficient dairy procurement supply chain. that is fast, accurate, economical, and measures 1 3. Place the beaker below the suction piece on left side of 250-280 samples an hour. Fat’omatic Milk Fat From farm management and milk collection machine. Mixture gets sucked and fat% will be displayed Measuring Machine ensures that the quality of to quality analysis and preservation, we have in due time. the milk is uncompromised in a high throughput different equipment and software that ensure environment. the purity of milk is maintained at every step. TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS: Our unique offering, the Fat’omatic is a patented Capacity 250-280 samples/hour Measuring Range 0-15% fat Our product in this pursuit – Accuracy 0.06% for 0-5% fat, 0.10% for 5-8% fat, 0.20% for 8-15% fat Repeatability 0.03% for 0-5% fat, 0.04% for 5-8% fat, 0.07% for 8-15% fat Fatomatic Sample Volume 0.5ml/test Milk Fat Measuring Machine Diluent Volume 6.5ml/test A PATENTED PRODUCT (PATENT NUMBER - 205094) Display Type and Size 7 seg LED, 1/2 “ size INDIA'S FIRST FULLY AUTOMATIC & Data Interface BCD OR RS 232. Bluetooth (optional) INDIGENOUS MILK FAT MEASURING Operating Temperature 5°C to 45°C MACHINE, SINCE 1999 Operating Voltage 230V AC +/- 15%, 50Hz or 12V DC Power Consumption 300w max The Fat’omatic Milk Fat Measuring Machine is a milk fat testing machine with rugged, tamper-proof design and has a big LED Front Keys Zero, milk in/mix out, repeat, fat display. Over 50,000 machines have already been installed all Enclosure Powder coated aluminium base, MS powder coated top over India. The machine uses light scattering technology to Dimension 255 (H) x 460 (L) X 345 (W) [mm] measure fat. Fat’omatic Milk Fat Measuring Machine is also available with cloud connectivity which Weight 15kg offers online secured calibration. Comes with auto-zero Tamper-proof & Excels in quality, Being a 100% indigenous product, FEATURES: facility, proven secured calibration accuracy, consistency, we have a strong service and measurement principle through cloud (optional) and repeatability support network across India • Fast and accurate • Battery mains - Automatic changeover (AC-DC) • Sensor-based motorised operation • Unique motor and gear design • The machine comes without manual handle • Inbuilt battery charger • Uses single curve calibration • Minimal sampling • Low operating and maintenance cost • Operates across wide range of operating voltage INDIZ SEMI AUTOMATIC MILK FAT MEASURING MACHINE WHAT ARE ITS BENEFITS? • Auto start timer • Unique single PCB design Automated operations Online secured calibration Eliminates human error • Front & rear dual display • Compatible with most computers It is an easy-to-use device Cloud connectivity with secured Since the Fat’omatic is fully • Auto zero facility • Big, bright LED display that doesn’t require the calibration allows recording of automated fat measuring • Inbuilt battery charger • Digital calibration with front keys user to put in a lot of effort calibration data, machine machine, it reduces any to get acquainted with its cleaning data, machine on-off scope of error due to setup, cleaning process, data, milk sample data. This data manual intervention. and operation. helps in gathering insights about milk collection.