
Table 1:
Give the all the require permissions while installing the application as shown above. After
giving all require permissions, MilkoCheck application will install in your Android phone.			
In this page, User needs to
enter the Mobile number and
then click on send OTP.	For the login, User needs to
ente r the OTP in this page
and click on Verify OTP.		While login this App Setup
page will appear.
After Successful login, if no device is added in
App then this page will open.
User can add a device by click on plus button.		If device is already added in App then this
page will open. Here on this page if a device
is already synced with a server then a green
symbol will appear beside the Device detail,
and if not synced then a red symbol will
appear beside the Device detail.	

Table 2:
To add a new device, User needs to click on the
plus button available at the right bottom corner.
The device registration page is shown here.
1. Customer: Here a user needs to select the
customer name from the drop-down menu.
(Note: Customer details are already added in
server)
2. QR Serial No.: Click on the QR code scanner to
scan a QR code of the device. The serial
number of a QR code will come automatically
after successful scanning of the device QR
code.
3. Device No.: The user needs to enter the
Machine serial number.
4. Type: Here device type ultrasonic is selected
by default.
5. Make-Model: Here a user needs to select the
Make-Model of Machine from the drop-down
list.
6. Under Warranty: If a machine is under
warranty then select YES and also mention
the expiry date of the warranty.
7. Under AMCS: If a machine is under AMCS then
select YES otherwise No.
8. Machine Front Photo: Using Take Photo option
take a photo of a machine from the Front.
9. Machine Back Photo: Using Take Photo option
take a photo of a machine from the Back.
After filling in all the details click on the SAVE
button to register the device.

Table 3:
To start the Calibration status check process,
select the device from the available device list
or scan the device QRcode from the top right
corner.	After selecting a device this page will open, in
this page customer name and a Serial
number of the machine is available.
By clicking on the Start button on the Start
Process page user can start the calibration
check process.
In this calibration check, the process page
user needs to collect 10 samples of data from
the device. 1 for sample A and 3 each for B, C
& D Samples. First, click on the Take Photo
option available at A sample.	On this page first, click the pic of the machine
QR code. Device (Machine) QR code must be
in between the green square. The application
will capture the Device QR code
automatically.

Table 4:
After successfully checking the Machine QR
code by application, the app will ask for a
Sample QR code.	On this page Sample, bottle QR code must be
in between the Yellow square. The
application will capture the Sample bottle QR
code automatically.
After successfully checking the Sample bottle
QR code by application, the app will ask for a
sample reading.	While taking a photo of a device after analysis
user needs to aline device Display in a guided
Red box then only an image will capture the
reading automatically.

Table 5:
After Capturing a photo in App this page will
open. Here on this page machine QR code,
Sample bottle QR code number and value of
FAT and SNF of analysis will appear. Click on
the SAVE button to save this analysis data.	Repeat the same process for all types of
Samples (B, C and D).
After completing the all analysis, finish button
will enable. Now click on the FINISH button.	Above status message will appear when
analysis and sync will completed from the
mobile application.

Table 6:
Users can check the Calibration status of a
device of already completed process from the
History button.	When the user clicks on a History button this
page will open, here on this page you can see
the calibration status with reason.
