Three steps towards accuracy: 1. Sample bottle is placed under the invert-U shaped suction pipette. 0.5 ml milk will be sucked-in. How do we keep it pure? 2. Use empty beaker under the pipette to collect milk & fat solution mixture that comes out. 2 3. Place the beaker below the suction piece on left side of Prompt provides innovative solutions for an Our unique offering, the Fat’omatic is a patented machine. Mixture gets sucked and fat% will be displayed 3 efficient dairy Procurement supply chain. fully automatic milk fat measuring machine that is in due time. 1 From farm management and milk collection fast, accurate, economical, and measures 250-280 to quality analysis and preservation, we have samples an hour. Fat’omatic ensures that the different equipment and software ensure that quality of the milk is uncompromised in a high the purity of milk is maintained at every step. throughput environment. SPECIFICATIONS: Capacity 250-280 samples/hour Measuring Range 0-15% fat Our product in this pursuit – Accuracy 0.06% for 0-5% fat, 0.10% for 5-8% fat, 0.20% for 8-15% fat Repeatability 0.03% for 0-5% fat, 0.04% for 5-8% fat, 0.07% for 8-15% fat Fatomatic Sample Volume 0.5ml/test Milk Fat Measuring Machine Diluent Volume 6.5ml/test A PATENTED PRODUCT (PATENT NUMBER - 205094) Display type and size 7seg LED, 1/2 “ size INDIA'S FIRST FULLY AUTOMATIC & Data Interface BCD OR RS 232. Bluetooth (optional) INDIGENOUS MILK FAT MEASURING Operating temperature 5°C to 45°C MACHINE, SINCE 1999 Operating voltage 230V AC +/- 15%, 50Hz or 12V DC Power Consumption 300w max. The Fat’omatic is a milk fat testing machine with rugged, temper-proof design and has big LED display. Over 50,000 Front keys Zero, milk in/mix out, repeat, fat machines have already been installed all over India. The Enclosure Powder coated aluminium base, MS powder coated top machine uses light scattering technology to measure fat. Dimension 255mm(H) x 460mm(L) X 345MM (W) Fat’omatic is also available with cloud connectivity which offers Online secured calibration. Weight 15 Kg Comes with auto-zero Tamper-proof & Excels in quality, Being a 100% indigenous product, FEATURES: facility, proven secured calibration accuracy, consistency, we have strong service and measurement principle through cloud (optional) and repeatability support network across India • Fast and accurate • Battery mains - Automatic changeover (AC-DC) • Sensor-based motorised operation • Unique motor and gear design • Measures 250-280 samples/hour • Inbuilt battery charger • The machine comes without any handle • Minimal sampling • Uses single curve calibration • Operates across wide range of operating voltage • Low operating and maintenance cost INDIZ SEMI AUTOMATIC MILK FAT MEASURING MACHINE • Auto start timer • Unique single PCB design • Front & rear dual display • Compatible with most computers WHAT ARE ITS BENEFITS? • Auto zero facility • Big, bright LED display Automated operations Eliminates human error Online secured calibration • Inbuilt battery charger • Digital calibration with front keys It is an easy-to-use device The fully automatic fat Cloud connectivity with secured that doesn’t require the measuring machine eliminates calibration allows recording of user to put in a lot of any scope of human error. calibration data, machine efforts to get acquainted cleaning data, machine on-off with its setup, cleaning data, milk sample data. This data process, and operation. helps in gathering insights about milk collection.