1 INTRODUCTION 1.1 About Product Prompt Sanchay, is an indigenous milk testing machine that combines three essential requirements: stirring, milk slip printing and analyzing milk parameters such as Fat, SNF, added water, and milk density. It is robust, easy to operate, and useful for analyzing cow, buffalo, and mixed milk. The Sanchay analyzes the raw milk and gets the substances details like FAT%, SNF%, ADDED WATER%, and DENSITY. Also able to provide Protein, Lactose and Salt. Calibration of Sanchay can be done through Mobile Application as well as manual. Prompt’s Sanchay is highly efficacious that renders consistent performance over an extended period with maintaining accuracy and fully protected calibration. 1.2 Things to Remember for Sanchay Keep the Sanchay machine in a clean and tidy place. Sanchay can be operated with 230 volt AC OR 12 volt DC. Mineral water, RO water or Distilled water can be used to clean the Sanchay. Take 30ml to 35ml milk in sample bottle. In a Sanchay, filter the milk sample before testing the milk. The temperature of milk should be less than 40oC, if the temperature is more than 40oC then there will be error of “Error-2 HOT / NO SAMPLE” in the machine. Before analysis of milk sample in a Sanchay, Stir the milk and then analyze the milk so air bubbles will remove from the RAW milk. Stir the milk for 15 second if the temperature of milk is less than 15oC and Stir the milk for 10 second if the temperature of milk is greater than 15oC. Do not test the same sample repeatedly. If you want to re-test the same sample, take a fresh raw sample of milk from the farmer and analyze again. Clean the machine two or three times with clean water before starting milk collection and also with clean water three times after the milk collection is completed. After the collection is completed in each shift, prepare a mixture of Daily Cleaner 5% and Water 95% and clean Sanchay, then clean 15-20 times with the same solution using a plunger. After the every 15 days, prepare a mixture of Power/Monthly Cleaner 10% and Water 90% and clean Sanchay. Clean the Sanchay with a plunger and water if supply is gone out while analyzing a milk sample. After collection of milk and final cleaning, take water in the beaker and load it in the Sanchay so that no waste or germs can go inside the Sanchay. 1.3 Technical Specification of Sanchay 1.4 Parameter Settings for Interfacing of Computer with Sanchay Milk Sample data is single or continuously transmit as per Following string Details, String is made by ASCII format. And 31 characters are there in ASCII format string. TOTAL STRING: (XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX) HERE ST STRING = ( ENDING STRING = ) XXXX are string data, and total 29 characters are as under, 1ST Character to 4TH Character = FAT DATA 5TH Character to 8TH Character = SNF DATA 9TH Character to 12TH Character = DENSITY DATA 13TH Character to 16TH Character = ADDED WATER DATA 17TH Character to 29TH Character = CORRECTION DATA (For our machine it is always 0) FOR EXAMPLE, FAT= 8.25, SNF = 9.54, DENSITY = 28.57 AND ADDED WATER = 06 % then string is as under (08250954285706000000000000000). 1.5 Accessories Box of Sanchay 2 SANCHAY PHYSICAL STRUCTURE 2.1 Front Panel The front panel will show the screen and four buttons. They are explained below: S: This button is used to stir the sample milk. CLEAN: This button is used to clean the Sanchay on regular basis. Also, it can be used as ESC button from any menu. ▼: Down button which can be used to decrease the cleaning cycle. Also, can be used while entering the password and to configure the Sanchay. ▲: Up button which can be used to increase the cleaning cycle. Also, can be used while entering the password and to configure the Sanchay. OK: FAT, SNF, ADDED WATER and DENSITY analysis of Milk Sample is perform by this button, also the selection for any operation can be made by this button. Also, to enter into the configuration menu of Sanchay. 2.2 Back Panel The back panel will show various ports and buttons explained below. Power Switch: The power (ON/OFF) switch for the Milk Sanchay. AC Fuse: An AC fuse has been given for safety of the milk Sanchay, whose rating is 5 Amp. The user can change the fuse. Spare fuse can be found in the Milk Sanchay box. Battery connecting port: If the user wants to connect the 12 Volt DC Battery, the terminals can be connected here. DC Fuse: A DC fuse has been given for safety of the Milk Sanchay, whose rating is 20 Amp. The user can change the fuse. Spare fuse can be found in the Milk Sanchay box. Stirrer Nobe: A nobe to set the stir frequency, user can increase or decrease the stirrer frequency. USB: A USB port is given to get the logs of the Milk Analyzer for Data of Milk analysis, Cleaning, Calibration and other system logs. Weighing Scale I/P: A port to connect Weighing Scale with Sanchay. Display O/P: A port to connect external display with Sanchay. RS232 O/P: A port to connect RS232 dongle with the Sanchay for the Calibration and settings. Machine Serial number: Serial number of Sanchay is given. 3 STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURE - FLOW 4 BLE CONFIGURATION with Milk SANGRAH APP 5 SWITCH ON POWER OF SANCHAY 6 STIR AND ANALYSIS OF MILK SAMPLE Now we will see the standard procedure of the milk analysis in the Sanchay. 6.1 Stir the Sample This is a very important step. The ignorance will NOT give you the real FAT and SNF of the sample milk. 6.2 Milk Sample Analysis 7 CLEANING PROCESS Cleaning for Sanchay is required before starting the shift and after the end of the shift. Water cleaning is an important part of the Sanchay operational procedure. Before starting of milk collection, clean twice with different clean water and then test twice with clean water. Test with clean water once the shift is over, and then clean twice with clean water. Cleaning daily with daily solution after the shift and once every 15 days with power / monthly solution. After cleaning with solution, clean with plunger and then clean again with clean water. 7.1 Analysis with Clean Water 7.2 Cleaning Process with Clean Water 7.3 Cleaning Process with Solution 7.3.1 Making of Daily Cleaner 7.3.2 Daily Solution Cleaning Process 7.3.3 Making of Power/Monthly Cleaner 7.3.4 Power/Monthly Solution Cleaning Process 7.4 Manual Cleaning with Plunger After solution cleaning is over, user need to perform plunger cleaning manually as shown in below method. 8 METHOD OF CLOSING SANCHAY AFTER COMPLETION OF EACH SHIFT After the Milk collection completed in each shift, take clean water in beaker and put that below the Pipette of Milk Sanchay so Garbage or insects cannot enter through the pipette in Sanchay. 9 SETTINGS AND CALIBRATION Note: Press the OK button and then power on the Sanchay, Keep pressing OK button until Enter Password is showing on Display. 10 ERROR LIST AND ITS REMEDIES After any above error occurs then specific error msg will be displayed on LCD display for 3-4 sec. After that common "system fail" msg will be displayed on display. PROMPT HELPLINE Thank you for using the Prompt MilkoLite Milk Analyzer. In case of any query, kindly contact us on below helpline number.