A valuable Link in The Chain of Milk ManagementHow do we keep it pure? Prompt provides innovative solutions for an during chilling and storage through real time efficient dairy procurement supply chain. From monitoring of parameters such as Milk Volume, farm management and milk collection to quality Temperature, CIP Status, Agitator On/Off Status, analysis and preservation, we have different and Power Generator On/Off Status in the BMC. equipment and software to ensure that the purity Real time App assisted alerts are sent out which of milk is retained at every step. Our unique support timely actions to maintain purity of offering, the SmartBox maintains purity of the milk milk. during chilling and maintains purity of the milk Our resource in this pursuit – SmartBox A VALUABLE LINK IN THE CHAIN OF MILK MANAGEMENT The bulk milk collection centers play an important role in the milk supply chain. Bulk milk collected here is monitored for quality, which affects the final value of milk at the production level. With SmartBox, bulk milk coolers are monitored in real-time and actionable alerts are sent to stakeholders in centers and dairy plants to preserve quality of milk. It uses highly advanced pressure sensor technology to measure the milk quantity in the tank, to attain the highest level of accuracy, and notifies the server through its GSM connectivity in case of any deviation. Measures Quantity, Temperature, Multiple compressor Real-time monitoring Agitator & Power - for Mixing, and generator/power and remote tracking Compressor, CIP grid On/Off status Designated Mobile App for dairy Sends alerts via SMS, BMC capacities – 500/1000/ plant managers and BMC operators Mobile push notifications, 3000/5000/10000 litres for real time monitoring and Email WHAT ARE ITS BENEFITS? Makes BMC operationally efficient Informed decision making Real-time alerts, tracking and monitoring makes SmartBox is based on IoT technology with cloud BMC operationally efficient. It helps the dairy in connectivity, giving detailed data analytics on web controlling the operational costs associated with application. This allows the dairy to make informed running the BMC with the help of SmartBox. business decisions. Quality of milk is retained Monitors quantity of milk With continual monitoring, the desired temperature Keeps the user updated about the quantity of the of milk in the BMC is maintained, which prevents milk in the BMC and the quantity of milk when souring and spoiling of milk, thus preserving proper taken out of the tank after dispatch to the Chilling milk quality. Good quality of milk serves as a good Centre. This helps in route planning and avoids any raw-material for value added products theft of milk. manufactured by dairy.FEATURES: Data Capture Dispatch Milk Quantity Dispatch is automatically detected Milk Temperature Details like actual quantity, dispatch quantity, Power Status (Generator/Grid) remaining quantity, temperature, dispatch duration, agitator status before dispatch are logged Multiple Compressor & Agitator ON/OFF Status The system offers web-supported SMS and Email alerts for the above data Data Monitoring Cleaning in Process (CIP) Any time data access through web & Hot water CIP is automatically detected mobile application Max. Temperature and max. quantity of hot water, CIP Dashboard shows BMC Milk Status for particular duration and Agitator status during dispatch is logged BMC, Milk Summary according to milk type and Reports different types of alerts Live BMC Monitoring shows graph & Various reports generated in the system include milk records for milk quantity, temperature, data, offline BMC, dispatch, route wise milk dispatch, agitator & compressor ON/OFF status high temperature, usage, CIP, generator used, for each BMC on the route consumption, shift collection, gain & BMC reports Data Transfer Security To pen drive through the USB port Role-based user login in To remote server through GSM/GPRS a web & mobile application TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS: Controller PIC32 Seven segment display Display LEDs for indication of low battery, external supply, sim network, mains power, generator, multiple agitators on/off and multiple compressors On/Off Storage/Media Type Micro SD Capacity 4 GB (In-Built) – expandable up to 8 GB GSM Module GSM/GPRS/Wifi Keyboard Six keys for user entry Serial Ports 1 USB port for data transfer & 1 RS 232 for configuration Clock Built-in real time clock for date and time For temperature For level measurement For the power base system consumption of BMC Sensor: PT100 Sensor Modules Accuracy: ± 1° C Accuracy of volume: ±0.4% Energy meter (optional) of BMC capacity Range: 0°C To 70°C Ip67 electrical connection Operative temperature: 0 to 65°C (32°F To 149°F) Environment Relative humidity: 5% to 85% RH non condensing Power Supply 180 - 260 V AC, 50 Hz Power Consumption 15 Watts Battery Backup 5600mAh Li-lon battery which provides 5 hours battery backup4202-beF Our ideas and innovations are a part of the pursuit of maintaining the sanctity of milk so that the world’s most ancient health drink can be appreciated as it truly is – untouched and unadulterated. 28+ 350+ 68,000+ states districts villages 900+ Legacy of over 10 patented team members 3 decades products 220+ serviceable 24x7 support locations via mobile app Optimise your business with other related products AMCS AMCS (Automatic Milk Collection System) is a comprehensive solution which digitizes and tracks the real-time information of milk collection process being followed at milk collection centres. The cloud connectivity makes it possible to access the data from any location and BI Analytics Reports enable informed decision making. Logistic App Logistic App is an Android-based app which streamlines operational efficiencies of Milk Unions, by allowing route planning for trucks and digitizing transport management process in dairy supply chain. The app tracks transporters in real- time, stores images and data, and produces analytical reports. MilkoScreen MilkoScreen accurately measures Fat, SNF and protein based on proven FT-Infrared Technology. It also detects various adulterants such as added water, urea, sucrose, maltodextrin and ammonium sulphate present in the milk. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 |Follow us on