Prompt SmartBox Calibration External Structure SmartBox is a hardware device which will look like shown below. The below image is showing the structure of the BMC smart box. Smart Box Top View Agitator : 1 ο ο LIT / KG Agitator : 2 ο 8 8 8 8 8 8 ο Level (mm) Compressor: 1 ο ο Temp (℃) Compressor: 2 ο Compressor: 3 ο ο Charging Compressor: 4 ο ο Battery Esc / ο Network CIP DIS Men AC Mains ο ο CIP ENT u Generator ο ο Dispatch CALIBRATION PROCESS Calibration is most important after installing the system properly. We are going to make the calibration on three different stages. Start-up Login Process:  Press CIP and DIS switches simultaneously after the power on, then system will go to calibration mode.  System will ask for password. Enter password “147”.  It has total F1 to F4 menu  F1: Temperature Calibration  F2: Pressure Calibration  F3: Date & Time  F4: Media Confidential Data: Do not share without permissionF4: Media Type F4.1 Media Type: Water or Milk F4.2 Temperature Adjustment F4.3 Level Adjustment in mm Start the system and do the “Start-up Login Process”.  Press CIP and DIS switches simultaneously after the power on.  By pressing ↑ button reach to F4 and then press ENT button, it will show F4.1.  Press ENT button and you will be asked for media type: Water / Milk  Select any one of them and press ENT button. It will show F4.1 again.  Press ESC button till exit from the main menu occurs. Note: After setting parameters press back switch till you are in main menu. Then system will restart and all the settings are stored in SD card. F1: Temperature Calibration Temperature calibration is done to know the real temperature of Tank. Temperature difference of BMC tank and BMC Smart Box is less than 10C is permissible as per acceptable margin of error. Temperature Calibration is mandatory if the difference is more than 10C between BMC tank and BMC Smart Box. Calibration Process is explained as below.  Press the ENT button on the keypad and enter the username and password.  Go to Calibration Setting and press the ENT button and select the Temperature Calibration.  Now Clear the Temperature calibration.  Now Compare the Reading of BMC Tank and BMC Smart Box.  For comparison follow the below table. F1.1 Lower Reference Temperature Point-1 F1.2 Enter Actual Temperature Point-1 F1.3 Reference Temperature Point-2 F1.4 Enter Actual Temperature Point-2 F1.5 Higher Reference Temperature Point-3 F1.6 Enter Actual Temperature Point-3 F1.7 Clear Temperature Calibration  Maintain at least 10 to 150C difference in temperature reading (For example: 80C, 250C, 350C).  While taking the temperature reading difference of temperature is more than 10C then repeat the Temperature Calibration. Confidential Data: Do not share without permissionF2: Pressure Sensor Calibration Pressure Sensor Calibration is important for proper level. It is divided in two Parts. 1. Zero Calibration 2. Dip Stick Calibration  For the pressure sensor calibration first you need to check the zero value from the Level Chart.  Now add the water in the tank as per KG Unit according to the zero value reading of level chart and wait for 20 minutes to stable the water in the tank. Note: Before starting the calibration select Water in F4: Media. F2.1 Two Point Calibration F2.1.1 Zero Count Display F2.1.2 Zero calibration Count (Add the value in mm as per zero value of level chart) F2.1.3 No Use F2.2 Nine Point Calibration F2.2.1 to Odd menu options are Reference value. Even Menu options are Actual F2.2.18 values. F2.2.19 Clear Nine Point Calibration Zero Calibration Start the system and do the “Start-up Login Process”.  Press CIP and DIS switches simultaneously after the power on.  It will show F1. Press ↑ button.  It will show F2. Press ENT button.  It will bring to F2.1 Press ENT button.  It will show F2.1.1 Press ENT button.  Here the live count will be displayed, wait to stable count and then Press ENT button.  It will show F2.1.1. Press ↑ button.  It will show F2.1.2, Set the mm value for zero calibration by using ↓ and ↑ keys.  Press ENT button and values will be saved.  Press ESC button and you will be at F2.1  Press ESC button you will be at F1  By pressing ESC button, the system will restart with the new calibration settings. Confidential Data: Do not share without permissionNine Point (Linear) Calibration  In case of verification, this process is required. It is not compulsory to include.  Start from the “Start-up Login Process” of the system.  Go to F2 by pressing ↑ button and then press ENT button.  F2.1 will be shown, press ↑ button to reach F2.2 then press ENT button.  In F2.2.1 add the first reference value and press ENT button.  In F2.2.2 add first actual value and press ENT button.  In F2.2.3 add the second reference value press ENT button.  In F2.2.4 add second actual value and press ENT button.  In F2.2.5 add the third reference value press ENT button.  In F2.2.5 add third actual value and press ENT button.  Do the same process to add more records till F2.2.18.  Values F2.2.1 to F2.2.18 are values which can be set.  Value F2.2.19 is for clearing the records. By going on F2.2.19 press ENT button, Option for CLEAR CALIBRATION will be seen.  Select YES to clear calibration and NO to keep old calibration with ↓ button and ↑ button. Press ENT button to select. Dip Stick Calibration Another calibration for Pressure / Level is Dip Stick Calibration. Zero Calibration is mandatory and after completing that calibration level in the tank and level shown by BMC monitoring system is almost same. Level difference in 3mm or 20 Liter/KG is permissible as per acceptable margin of error, but if difference is more than acceptable margin of error then Dip Stick Calibration is require.  Add the water in the tank up to half level of the tank.  Now reset the linear calibration (Calibration -> Linear Calibration -> Reset)  Now go to Calibration Menu.  Pressure Sensor Calibration -> Add -> Dip Stick Calibration.  If you want to set BMC smart box as per purchase then compare the Dip Stick reading with Level Chart and add the Add the Quantity as per level chart in Liter.  If you want to set BMC Smart Box as per Dip Stick then add the reading in mm as per Dip Stick level. Confidential Data: Do not share without permissionF3: Set Date and Time  Follow the: “Start-up Login Process” to enter in Menu options.  It will show the value F1 on the LED display.  By using the UP ↑ button, go to F2. Again press ↑ button and go to F3. Press ENT button.  It will Show F3.1 Press ENT button. Then Add the date in DD-MM-YY format by using ↓ button and ↑ button as per the values.  F3.1 will be shown, by using the UP ↑ button go to F3.2. Press ENT button to go for the Time settings.  Then add the Time in HH-MM-SS format by using ↓ button and ↑ button as per the values.  Press ENT button for updating time in system.  Press ESC button till exit from the main menu occurs.  New Date and Time is come on the screen. F4: Media Type F4.1 Media Type: Water or Milk F4.2 Temperature Adjustment F4.3 Level Adjustment in mm Start the system and do the “Start-up Login Process”.  Press CIP and DIS switches simultaneously after the power on.  By pressing ↑ button reach to F4 and then press ENT button, it will show F4.1.  Press ENT button and you will be asked for media type: Water / Milk  Select any one of them and press ENT button. It will show F4.1 again.  Press ↑ button and you will reach to F4.2 and press ENT button.  Here you can increase or decrease the temperature value up to 50C, you can change by using ↑ button and ↓ button.  After selecting the values press ENT button.  It will show F4.2 and press ↑ button to reach F4.3 and press ENT button.  Here you can increase or decrease the level value up to 15 mm, you can change by using ↑ button and ↓ button.  After selecting the values press ENT button.  Press ESC button till exit from the main menu occurs. Note: After setting parameters press back switch till you are in main menu. Then system will restart and all the settings are stored in SD card. Confidential Data: Do not share without permissionExport Process  Whenever needed to export the data to the pen drive, the export feature is always available.  Attach the pen drive to the USB port  Press the ↑ key anytime to start the export  Enter from date in form of DD-MM-YY by using ↓ and ↑ and press ENT  Enter to date in form of DD-MM-YY by using ↓ and ↑ and press ENT  Export will be started and will show on display as a message. Wait for “complete” message. Confidential Data: Do not share without permission