
Table 1:
BENEFITS OF TANKASSURE
Transparency: Ease of Data Management:
The system will show the quantity The system automatically and
of milk transferred in the tanker digitally records the data which is
and temperature of milk at the stored directly in the server.
DCS location in real-time –
bringing transparency between
collection point and Dairy.
Minimize manual Intervention: Reduction in Sampling Error:
The data is automatically As sampling is done
recorded, hence there is no automatically, the chances of
need to enter data manually, sampling error are greatly
thereby reducing the chances of reduced, and the accuracy of
human error. samples is ensured.
Farmer Assurance: Profitability of Dairy:
Due to auto sampling, the With accuracy in sampling and
accuracy of milk samples is high, quantity of milk, the overall
so the farmer can feel assured effectiveness and profitability of
about getting correct payment for Dairy shall increase.
their milk poured.
Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd.
3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Nr. Stadium Petrol Pump, Navrangpura,
Ahmedabad – 380014, Gujarat, India
+91 7926565981/2/3 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com
Follow us on	A U T O M A T I C
M I L K S A M P L E R
S Y S T E M F O R
M I L K T A N K E R S
AUTO SAMPLER

Table 2:




Table 3:
An Inefficient Current Practice
Accurate recording of the milk quantity and Furthermore, there is no system to measure the
quality collected at the milk collection temperature of the milk transferred to the milk
points is an essential piece of information in tanker at the collection point. Dairies are also
the milk value chain. The current practice of facing problem of milk pilferage, adulteration,
manual dipstick reading is prone to human and sample tampering.
error and calibration error.
A C H A N G E F O R G O O D !
P R E S E N T I N G ,
AUTO SAMPLER
An Automatic Milk Sampling System,
with GPRS facility.
TankAssure comes in the form of a box that meter with a temperature sensor. It is a
is mounted on the tanker, and functions to closed, containerised and digitally
automatically collect BMC milk samples, password-protected system that consists
measure milk quantity and temperature of seven sampling pumps, and RFID tagged
with the help of an in-built magnetic flow tamper-proof sample vials.
Key Highlights Of The System
• The electronically protected door can through a Tablet device. The data can be
be opened only at the dairy plant by transferred to the central system at the dairy
authorized persons only. for further analysis & evaluation.
• The system can be configured to start/stop • Prompt Logistics App and/or Prompt AMCS
operations at the targeted location only. App can be integrated into this system for
route management.
• The entire operation is controlled by a
web-based application system operated	TANKASSURE - TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS
6 for Society Samples
No. Of Sampling Bottles
1 for Composite Sample
Peristaltic Pumps 7 No.
Sampling Capacity 40 ml
PLC, Electro Magnetic Flow Meter, GPS,
Major Technology Parts
RFID Tag & Reader, Peristaltic Pumps
Data Transmission Through Wi-fi, 4G
User Interface 8" 4G + Wi-Fi Tablet
Central Data Controlling Through Central Web Base Application
GPS, GLONASS or Galileo, 24VDC, Ethernet, IP68,
GPS
Internal Antenna, Temperature Range -40 °C +70 °C
Electromagnetic Flowmeter
Measure: Flow, Temperature and Quantity
Flow Meter
Output: 4-20mA, Pulse ,
Accuracy Max. ±0.05 % o.f.s. or ±5 μA
13.56MHz, LED Indication, IO-Link Interface,
RFID Tag Reader
M12 Connection, IP67
13.56MHz, Readable and Writable,
RFID Tag
2kBit EEPROM, ISO15693, IP68
Supply Voltage 24V DC (From Tanker Battery)
Housing SS304
Electronics Control Panel SS304, IP65
Milk Line 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Semi Simless
Fitting Clamp 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304
NRV 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304
Filter 2mm Perforated 2mm Thickness
1 Inch, MOC SS 304 Gasket-EPDM End
Air vent
Connection-1.5” TC end
Weight of Auto Sampler < 250kg
Dimension Of Auto Sampler (mm) 1575 X 777 X 500
Door Lock Electro-mechanical, IP67 Protected
