ThawEasy Smart Product Specification: ThawEasy Smart Pro Front and Back Panel: Precaution & Warning: Avoid Overfilling: Do not exceed the recommended water quantity when filling the water bath pipe. Do not fill water directly below the tap or flowing water, this is electronic device and exposure to the flowing water may case damaged to the device. Do not submerged the device in water for cleaning or filling water in the water bath pipe. Do not use any harsh chemical such as caustic, Detergent or soap or acid to clean the machine Unstable Placement: Avoid placing the machine on an unstable or tilted surface to prevent accidents. Abrasive Cleaning: Do not use abrasive materials for cleaning to avoid damage to the machine’s internal & external surfaces. Forceful Button Pressing: Avoid forceful or excessive pressing of buttons, especially during temperature and duration adjustments. Power Interruption: Do not turn off the power abruptly during operation, as it may affect the machine's functionality. Ignoring Buzzer Signals: Pay attention to buzzer signals and promptly respond to them, especially when the machine indicates readiness for thawing or completion of a process. Heating media “Clean RO Water” Use only water as thawing media, do not used any other material Thawing 1 straw at a time:- The machine is designed to thaw 1 straw at a time, do not thaw more than 1 straw at a time for desired results Do not start heating without filling water. Do not use heating water bath to heat something else such incident will be considered as unintended use and will void the warranty Any kind of physical damage, Water damage and machine opening outside service center will also void the warranty. Features: Operating Instructions: How to Adjust the Set Temperature: Temperature will be set from Cloud. How to Adjust Set Duration (Time): Duration will be set from Cloud. How to Initiate Thawing: Powering On: Place "ThawEasy Smart Pro" on a stable, flat surface. Switch on the machine using the power button located at the back. The machine's display will show information about the firmware version. Connect the Thawing machine with the mobile app through Bluetooth. Machine Setup: Fill the water bath pipe with 50ml of clean RO water at room temperature (Between 25 0C to Set Temp.) using the water filling syringe provided with the machine. Ensure the water level is at the top. Water Heating: Press the "Start Thawing" button from Mobile app. to initiate water heating. The display of Machine and Mobile app. will indicate the water temperature, which will gradually rise. After some time the machine will automatically activate the vibrator for even heating. Once it reaches the set temperature the machine will hold the set temperature for 30 seconds to ensure set temperature stability. Thawing Ready: Upon completion of the temperature holding time, a buzzer & LED Indication will signal that the machine is ready for thawing, also animation indication available in the Mobile app to insert straw. Insert the straw into the machine and press the button. How to Initiate Thawing Thawing Process: The machine will commence a countdown for the pre-set thawing duration. When the countdown concludes, the buzzer will sound again, signaling animation in the mobile app to removal of the straw. Completing the Process: Remove the straw from the machine, and press the button. The machine will cease heating of water and enter in sleep mode, also display will be in off mode. Automatically next screen will come to complete the AI process in the mobile app.