Prompt THAWEASY  Lite User Manual. 

Prompt THAWEASY with a Bluetooth
enabled Mobile App is a digital solution
which automates the entire thawing
process and ensures that the correct
SOP of thawing is followed.
It is possible to program the equipment
with different combinations of time and
temperature for various kinds of semen
samples for different types of animals.
All the data related to thawing
processes are stored in real-time
enabling decision making.

Basic Operation

How to adjust set temperature:
1. Accessing set temperature:
Long-press the Back button.
The Set Temperature will appear on the display.
2. Digit Adjustment:
Use the Up button to change the digits according to your
desired temperature.
After reaching the desired digit, press the Enter button
to confirm.
Repeat the process for subsequent digits.
Example: Changing Current Temperature from 37°C to 40°C
1.Long-press the Back button.
2.The display will show '37.'
3.Press the Up button one times to replace '3' with '4.'
4.Press Enter to confirm the digit '4.'
5.Continue pressing the Up button until '0' appears as the
second digit.
6.Press Enter to confirm the set temperature.
Your new set temperature is now adjusted to 40°C.
How to Adjust Set Duration (Time):
1. Accessing Set Duration:
Long-press the Up button.
The Set Duration will appear on the display.
2.Digit Adjustment:
Utilize the Up button to modify the digits in accordance
with your desired duration.
Upon reaching the desired digit, press the Enter button to confirm.
Repeat the process for the subsequent digits.
Example: Changing Current Duration from 35 Seconds to
40 Seconds
1.Long-press the Up button.
2.The display will show '35.'
3.Press the Up button one times to replace '3' with '4.'
4.Press Enter to confirm the digit '4.'
5.Continue pressing the Up button until '0' appears as the
second digit.
6.Press Enter to confirm the set duration.
Your new set duration is now adjusted to 40 seconds.
ThawEasy Lite Operating Instructions: How to Initiate Thawing
1. Machine Setup:
1.Fill the water bath pipe with 50ml of clean RO water at room
temperature, using the water filling syringe provided with
the machine.
2. Ensure the water level is at the top.
3. Place "ThawEasy Lite" on a stable, flat surface.
2.Powering On:
1.Switch on the machine using the power button located
at the back.
2.The machine's display will show information about the
firmware version.

3.Then machine will display previously set Thawing Temperature
in Deg Centigrade and thawing duration in Second.
3.Water heating:
1.Press the "Enter" button to initiate water heating.
2.The display will indicate the water temperature, which will
gradually rise.
3.After some time the machine will automatically activate
the vibrator for even heating.
4.Once it reaches the set temperature the machine will maintain
the set temperature for 45 seconds to ensure stability.
4.Thawing Ready:
1.Upon completion of the temperature holding time, a buzzer &
LED Indication will signal that the machine is ready for thawing.
2.Insert the straw into the machine and press the "Enter" button.
4.Thawing Process:
1.The machine will commence a countdown for the pre-set
thawing duration.
2.When the countdown concludes, the buzzer will sound again,
signaling the removal of the straw.
4.Completing the Process:
1.Remove the straw from the machine & Press Enter Button.
2.The machine will cease heating the water and enter in sleep
mode and display & LED will be off mode.

1. Avoid Overfilling: Do not exceed the recommended
water quantity when filling the water bath pipe.
2. Do not fill water directly below the tap or flowing
water, this is electronic device and exposure to the
flowing water may case damaged to the device.
3. Do not submerged the device in water for cleaning
or filling water in the water bath pipe.
4. Do not use any harsh chemical such as caustic,
Detergent or soap or acid to clean the machine.
5. Unstable Placement: Avoid placing the machine on
an unstable or tilted surface to prevent accidents.
6. Abrasive Cleaning: Do not use abrasive materials for
cleaning to avoid damage to the machine’s internal
& external surfaces.
7. Forceful Button Pressing: Avoid forceful or excessive
pressing of buttons, especially during temperature
and duration adjustments.
8. Power Interruption: Do not turn off the power
abruptly during operation, as it may affect the
machine's functionality.
9. Buzzer Signals: Pay attention to buzzer signals and
promptly respond to them, especially when the
machine indicates readiness for thawing or
completion of a process.
10. Heating media “Clean RO Water” Use only water as
thawing media, do not used any other material.
11. Thawing 1 straw at a time:- The machine is
designed to thaw 1 straw at a time, do not thaw
more than 1 straw at a time for desired results.
12. Do not start heating without filling water.
13. Do not use heating water bath to heat something
else such incident will be considered as unintended
use and will void the warranty.
14. Any kind of physical damage, Water damage and
machine opening outside service center will also
void the warranty.
~ 550 gm
Product Specification: ThawEasy Lite Plus
Front and Back panel:
Precaution & Warning:
LED Indication Operation Button
Battery
Indication
Temperatur
Up
Power On/Off
Switch
Battery
Charging Point
Back Enter
Mains
Do not try to
open machine
Avoid using machine
directly in rain
Do not fill water
directly from Tap
Features:
Display
Operation
Button
LED
Indication
Inbuilt
Battery
Water
Bath
Built-in Vibrator for uniform warming of water
Alarm indication for completion of thawing cycle
Durable, lightweight, and portable table-top
device designed to withstand any weather
conditions
20.3° Digital display to showcase temperature and time
Unique software PLC logic for gradual water
heating and avoid major temperature fluctuation
during heating & thawing
User based data analytics and data intelligence for
past performance monitoring and predictive
modelling, enabling better decision making
Power supply and battery charger
Programmable settings allow customers to
customize time-temperature combinations for
different semen samples
AI
Temperature Controllers to ensure consistent
temperature of water bath with minimal
fluctuation up to 0.1ºC

Parameter Specification
Controller 16-bits
Keys 3 Push buttons
Display
3 digits, 7 Segment display
for temperature (°C) & time
set-point indication
for thawing
Bluetooth (BLE) Not Included
DC Input: 12-14VDC 4A
Power supply Adapter
Input:110-280VAC; 50/60 Hz;
Output:14VDC 4A
LEDs 5 LEDs Indicator
Temperature Sensor PT100
Thawing Medium
(water) Volume approx. 50 ml
Temperature
Resolution 0.1°C
Thawing temperature
accuracy +/- 0.1°C
Thawing temperature 22 to 40°C
Vibrator In-built
Enclosure ABS
Buzzer Heating & Thawing cycle
completion
Operating
temperature ~ 5 to 50°C
Tweezer Metal tweezer for handling
of semen straw
Straw per thawing 1 straw at at time
Battery
In-built 12V(Nominal: 10.8V)
2800mAh Li-Ion;
Battery backup: 25+
number of thawing
Water level sensor Not Included
Thawing time 30 to 120 second
(cloud control)
Operation Use of mobile app and push
button for operation





