Operating Instructions: 1. How to Adjust the Set Temperature: Temperature will be set from Cloud. 2.How to Adjust Set Duration (Time): Duration will be set from Cloud. 3.How to Initiate Thawing: Powering On: User Manual Place "ThawEasy Smart" on a stable, flat surface. Switch on the machine using the power button located at the back. The machine's display will show information about the Start Thawing Process Wait till water firmware version. temperature achieved Connect the Thawing machine with the mobile app through Bluetooth. Machine Setup: Fill/top up the water bath pipe with 50ml of clean RO water at room temperature (Between 25°C to Set Temp.) Ensure the water level is at the top. Water Heating: Press the "Start Thawing" button from Mobile app. to initiate water heating. The display of Machine and Mobile app. will indicate the water temperature, which will gradually rise. After some time the machine will automatically activate the vibrator for even heating. Alarm for Alarm for removing AI Worker Once it reaches the set temperature the machine will hold inserting straw straw, records Completes the set temperature for 30 seconds to ensure set temperature start-end time of AI request stability. thawing process Once the water temperature reaches desired temperature LED lite of machine ready will be On, Machine buzzer will ring & Also on the mobile app a animation of inserting the straw To be produced at the time of referring warranty will displayed. Once the machine is ready for thawing proceed for thawing. Device Type: Thawing Ready: Upon completion of the temperature holding time, a buzzer & Device ID: LED Indication will signal that the machine is ready for Prompt THAWEASY with a Bluetooth thawing, also animation indication available in the Mobile app Cash Memo/ Bill no.: enabled Mobile App is a digital solution to insert straw. Date of Purchase: which automates the entire thawing Insert the straw into the machine and press the button. process and ensures that the correct 4.How to Initiate Thawing: Customer Name: SOP of thawing is followed. Thawing Process: Address: Put the straw in side the device and press the back button The machine will commence a countdown for the pre-set Delar’s It is possible to program the equipment thawing duration. Signature with different combinations of time and When the countdown concludes, the buzzer will sound again, Delar Name: temperature for various kinds of semen signaling animation in the mobile app to removal of the straw. samples for different types of animals. Completing the Process: Remove the straw from the machine & press back button. The machine will cease heating of water and enter in sleep Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. mode, also display will be in off mode. 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli All the data related to thawing Automatically next screen will come to complete the AI Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) processes are stored in real-time process in the mobile app. info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com enabling decision making. Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 |Follow us onFront and Back panel: 7. Forceful Button Pressing: Avoid forceful or excessive Product Specification: ThawEasy Smart Display Water pressing of buttons, especially during temperature Parameter Specification Ope Br ua tt tio on n Bath 8 . a Pn od w d eru Ir na tt eio rn ru a pd tij ou nst : m Doe n nt os t. turn off the power Controller 16-bits LED abruptly during operation, as it may affect the Indication machine's functionality. Keys 3 Push buttons 9. Buzzer Signals: Pay attention to buzzer signals and 3 digits, 7 Segment display promptly respond to them, especially when the Display for temperature (°C) & time Inbuilt machine indicates readiness for thawing or set-point indication Battery completion of a process. for thawing 10. Heating media “Clean RO Water” Use only water as LEDs 6 LEDs Indicator thawing media, do not used any other material. Bluetooth (BLE) In-built LED Indication Operation Button 11. Thawing 1 straw at a time:- The machine is Power supply A I Ond upa tu pp t ut :1e t1 :r 10 4- V2 D80 CV 4A AC; 50/60 Hz; IndB ica at tt ie or ny T B Me l aum ie np t soe ora thtur 1 2 .d m De o os ri g e n n othe t d a stn t a o 1 r t t sh hta eraw aw t i1 na gs tt a wra t iw tim h a oet u fa to fit ri lm d lie ne s g, i r d weo d a n tr eo e rt s . uth lta sw . DC Input: 12-14VDC 4A Up EnterBack 13. Do not use heating water bath to heat something else such incident will be considered as unintended Temperature Sensor PT100 use and will void the warranty. Temperature 14. Any kind of physical damage, Water damage and Resolution 0.1°C Pow Se wr iO tcn h/Off ChaB rga it nt ge r Py oint machine opening outside service center will also Thawing temperature Precaution & Warning: void the warranty. accuracy +/- 0.1°C Features: Thawing Medium (water) Volume approx. 50 ml Built-in vibrator for uniform warming of water Thawing temperature 22 to 40 °C Temperature controllers to ensure consistent Vibrator In-built temperature of water bath with minimal fluctuation up to 0.1ºC Enclosure ABS Operating Alarm indication for completion of thawing cycle ~ 5 to 50°C temperature Durable, lightweight, and portable table-top Heating & Thawing cycle device designed to withstand any weather Buzzer completion conditions Data can seamlessly integrate with the customer’s Tweezer Metal tweezer for handling any existing data platform or server of semen straw Do not try to Avoid using machine Do not fill water open machine directly in rain directly from Tap 20.3° Digital display to showcase temperature and time Straw per thawing 1 straw at at time In-built 12V(Nominal: 10.8V) 1. Avoid Overfilling: Do not exceed the recommended Bluetooth based Mobile App to fetch all the data 5700mAh Li-Ion; water quantity when filling the water bath pipe. and send to cloud. Web portal for user roles Battery Battery backup: 40+ 2. Do not fill water directly below the tap or flowing Unique software PLC logic for gradual water number of thawing water, this is electronic device and exposure to the AI heating and avoid major temperature fluctuation 30 to 120 second flowing water may case damaged to the device. during heating & thawing Thawing time (cloud control) 3. Do not submerged the device in water for cleaning User based data analytics and data intelligence for Operation U buse tt o of n m foo rb oi ple e a rap tp io a nnd push 4 . o Dr o fi nll oin t g u sw ea ate nr y i hn a t rh se h w cha ete mr ib ca at l h su p ci hp e a. s caustic, p ma os dt ep le lir nfo gr , m ena an bc le in m g o bn ei tt to er ri n dg e ca in sid o np r med ai kc it niv ge Equipment weight ~ 800 gm Detergent or soap or acid to clean the machine. Power supply and battery charger 5. Unstable Placement: Avoid placing the machine on Programmable settings allow customers to an unstable or tilted surface to prevent accidents. customize time-temperature combinations for 6. Abrasive Cleaning: Do not use abrasive materials for different semen samples c &l e ea xn tein rng a t lo s ua rv fo ai cd e d s.amage to the machine’s internal EGHNUINGJDAL IRISAHTI M ano db Hile in A dp i p la i ns g a uv aa gil ea sble in English, Gujarati,