Basic Operations: 3.Then machine will display previously set Thawing Temperature How to adjust set temperature: in Deg Centigrade and thawing duration in Second. 1. Accessing set temperature: 3.Water heating: Long-press the Back button. 1.Press the "Enter" button to initiate water heating. The Set Temperature will appear on the display. 2.The display will indicate the water temperature, which will 2. Digit Adjustment: gradually rise. U dese si rt eh de tU ep m b pu et rt ao tn u rt eo . change the digits according to your 3 . tA hf ete vr i bso ram toe r t fi om r e e vt eh ne hm ea ac th inin g.e will automatically activate User Manual After reaching the desired digit, press the Enter button 4.Once it reaches the set temperature the machine will maintain to confirm. the set temperature for 45 seconds to ensure stability. Repeat the process for subsequent digits. 4.Thawing Ready: Example: Changing Current Temperature from 37°C to 40°C 1.Upon completion of the temperature holding time, a buzzer & LED Indication will signal that the machine is ready for thawing. 1.Long-press the Back button. 2.Insert the straw into the machine and press the "Enter" button. 2.The display will show '37.' 3.Press the Up button one times to replace '3' with '4.' 4.Thawing Process: 4.Press Enter to confirm the digit '4.' 1.The machine will commence a countdown for the pre-set 5.Continue pressing the Up button until '0' appears as the thawing duration. second digit. 2.When the countdown concludes, the buzzer will sound again, 6.Press Enter to confirm the set temperature. signaling the removal of the straw. Your new set temperature is now adjusted to 40°C. How to Adjust Set Duration (Time): 4.Completing the Process: 1.Remove the straw from the machine & Press Enter Button. 1. Accessing Set Duration: 2.The machine will cease heating the water and enter in sleep Long-press the Up button. mode and display & LED will be off mode. The Set Duration will appear on the display. 2.Digit Adjustment: Utilize the Up button to modify the digits in accordance with your desired duration. Upon reaching the desired digit, press the Enter button to confirm. Repeat the process for the subsequent digits. To be produced at the time of referring warranty Example: Changing Current Duration from 35 Seconds to Device Type: 40 Seconds 1.Long-press the Up button. Device ID: 2.The display will show '35.' 3.Press the Up button one times to replace '3' with '4.' Cash Memo/ Bill no.: Prompt THAWEASY with a Bluetooth 4.Press Enter to confirm the digit '4.' enabled Mobile App is a digital solution 5.Continue pressing the Up button until '0' appears as the Date of Purchase: which automates the entire thawing second digit. process and ensures that the correct 6.Press Enter to confirm the set duration. Customer Name: SOP of thawing is followed. Your new set duration is now adjusted to 40 seconds. Address: ThawEasy Lite Operating Instructions: How to Initiate Thawing It is possible to program the equipment 1. Machine Setup: Delar’s 1.Fill the water bath pipe with 50ml of clean RO water at room Signature with different combinations of time and temperature, using the water filling syringe provided with Delar Name: temperature for various kinds of semen the machine. samples for different types of animals. 2. Ensure the water level is at the top. 3. Place "ThawEasy Lite" on a stable, flat surface. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 2.Powering On: 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli All the data related to thawing 1.Switch on the machine using the power button located Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) processes are stored in real-time at the back. info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com enabling decision making. 2.The machine's display will show information about the Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 |Follow us on firmware version.Front and Back panel: 7. Forceful Button Pressing: Avoid forceful or excessive Product Specification: ThawEasy Lite Plus pressing of buttons, especially during temperature Water Bath and duration adjustments. Parameter Specification Display 8. Power Interruption: Do not turn off the power LED Controller 16-bits Indication abruptly during operation, as it may affect the Operation machine's functionality. Keys 3 Push buttons Button 9. Buzzer Signals: Pay attention to buzzer signals and 3 digits, 7 Segment display promptly respond to them, especially when the Display for temperature (°C) & time machine indicates readiness for thawing or s foe rt - tp ho ai wnt in in gdication BIn atb tu ei rl yt completion of a process. 10. Heating media “Clean RO Water” Use only water as LEDs 5 LEDs Indicator thawing media, do not used any other material. Bluetooth (BLE) Not Included LED Indication Operation Button 11. Thawing 1 straw at a time:- The machine is Power supply Adapter designed to thaw 1 straw at a time, do not thaw Input:110-280VAC; 50/60 Hz; IndB ica at tt ie or ny Temperatur more than 1 straw at a time for desired results. Output:14VDC 4A Mains 12. Do not start heating without filling water. DC Input: 12-14VDC 4A Back Up Enter 13. Do not use heating water bath to heat something else such incident will be considered as unintended Temperature Sensor PT100 use and will void the warranty. Temperature 14. Any kind of physical damage, Water damage and Resolution 0.1°C Pow Se wr iO tcn h/Off ChaB rga it nt ge r Py oint machine opening outside service center will also Thawing temperature Precaution & Warning: void the warranty. accuracy +/- 0.1°C Features: Thawing Medium Volume approx. 50 ml (water) Built-in Vibrator for uniform warming of water Thawing temperature 22 to 40°C Vibrator In-built Temperature Controllers to ensure consistent temperature of water bath with minimal Enclosure ABS fluctuation up to 0.1ºC Operating temperature ~ 5 to 50°C Alarm indication for completion of thawing cycle Heating & Thawing cycle Buzzer completion Durable, lightweight, and portable table-top device designed to withstand any weather Tweezer M ofe st ea ml t ew ne se tz re ar w for handling oD po e nn o mt at cry h it no e Avo did ir eu cs tin lyg i nm ra ac inhine dD iro e cn to lyt fi frl ol w ma Tte ar p conditions Straw per thawing 1 straw at at time 20.3° Digital display to showcase temperature and time In-built 12V(Nominal: 10.8V) 1. Avoid Overfilling: Do not exceed the recommended 2800mAh Li-Ion; water quantity when filling the water bath pipe. Unique software PLC logic for gradual water Battery Battery backup: 25+ 2. Do not fill water directly below the tap or flowing AI heating and avoid major temperature fluctuation number of thawing water, this is electronic device and exposure to the during heating & thawing Water level sensor Not Included flowing water may case damaged to the device. 30 to 120 second 3. Do not submerged the device in water for cleaning User based data analytics and data intelligence for Thawing time (cloud control) or filling water in the water bath pipe. past performance monitoring and predictive 4. Do not use any harsh chemical such as caustic, modelling, enabling better decision making Use of mobile app and push Operation button for operation 5 . D Ue nt se tr ag be len t P o lar cs eo map e no tr : a Ac vi od i dto p c lale ca inn g t h the e m ma ach chin ine e. on Power supply and battery charger Equipment weight ~ 550 gm an unstable or tilted surface to prevent accidents. 6. Abrasive Cleaning: Do not use abrasive materials for Programmable settings allow customers to cleaning to avoid damage to the machine’s internal customize time-temperature combinations for different semen samples & external surfaces.