
Table 1:
		

Table 2:
	
Page | 0	

Table 3:
		

Table 4:
		

Table 5:
		

Table 6:
		

Table 7:
	Shortcut to Change Year or Change Society
	Shortcut to enter in Member Master
	Shortcut for the Milk Collection

Table 8:
		

Table 9:
	Shortcut to enter in Local Sales Transaction
	Shortcut for the Shift Close Transaction
	Shortcut for the Truck sheet Transaction
	Shortcut for the Cash book related Transaction
	Shortcut to go into the Item Sales
	Shortcut to go into the Deduction
	Shortcut for the Refresh
	Shortcut to Setup the Dashboard
	Shortcut to exit from the PromptAMCS Software

Table 10:
	In this dashboard, you can view the Milk
Collection summary of the date you
selected. In the summary, you will also
see the Amount of Cow & Buffalo Milk,
Average FAT and small local sales details.

Table 11:
		

Table 12:
	In this dashboard, you will see a list of the
best milk Collection members according
to the mass you have selected. In the list,
you will see the member's code and
name, type and quantity of milk.
	In this dashboard, you will see the details
of the Pending work. Here you will find a
list of pending data to be sent to the
server, a list of pending truck sheets, a list
of pending shifts, etc.
	In this dashboard, you will find month-
wise information about milk purchase in
the form of graphs. You can see the data
for the current year as well as the
previous year in the form of graphs here.
	In this dashboard, various circulars and
price list sent by the federation can be
seen here.

Table 13:
		

Table 14:
	In this dashboard, you can find Contact
timing, toll-free contact number and
email address of the Helpdesk.

Table 15:
		

Table 16:
	 BMC/MCCs are facilitate with Automatic
Milk Collection Unit (AMCU) installed where
the farmers pour their milk.
 The first step to create BMC/MCC is go to
System – BMC/MCC.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of BMC/MCCs.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created BMC/MCCs with BMC/MCC
Name, BMC/MCC code, Union Name, State, Created by, Creation Date, Updated
by, Updated date etc. details. The user can edit the respective details by clicking
the Edit option present on the top. By clicking, the user will see the entire form
and can make any desired changes.
Click on + New tab for creation of new BMC/MCC.	

Table 17:
		

Table 18:
	 To change BMC-MCC financial year first
step is go to System – Change BMC-MCC
Year.
 Generally this process will be done
automatically, but if year is not changed
then you can do the process for the same.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
In this page you just need to select the Proper BMC/MCC from drop down list
and new financial year. After that click on OK button.	

Table 19:
		

Table 20:
	 To change new financial year of BMC/MCC
first step is go to System – New Year
Process.
 Generally this process will be done
automatically, but if year is not changed
then you can do the process for the same.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
In this page You can see the new financial year, click on OK button to change the
New financial year.	

Table 21:
		

Table 22:
	 To create the new User for the BMC/MCC first
step is go to System – User.
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of Users.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Users with Full Name, User
Name, User Type, User Role, Mobile No., Email Id, created by, Creation Date,
Updated by, and Updated date etc. details. The user can edit the respective
details by clicking the Edit option present on the top. By clicking, the user will
see the entire form and can make any desired changes.
Click on + New tab to create the User.	

Table 23:
		

Table 24:
	 System settings are most important part of
any BMC/MCC. From system settings user can
change the functionality of Milk Collections
settings, Hardware settings, Sales & Purchase
settings, Payment & Deduction settings, Slip
Related settings, RMRD Milk Collection
settings, etc.
 For System settings user can go to System –
System Settings.

Table 25:
		

Table 26:
		

Table 27:
		

Table 28:
		

Table 29:
		

Table 30:
		

Table 31:

Next System settings is Range & Constants Settings. In which Details are explained
below.
FAT SNF Range
 Minimum, Maximum and Standard FAT: Here mention the Minimum,
Maximum and Standard FAT value of Milk.
 Minimum, Maximum and Standard SNF: Here mention the Minimum,
Maximum and Standard SNF value of Milk.
Rate Constants
 Default LR and Default CLR: Here mention the Default LR and Default CLR
value of milk.
 Kilo Constant: Here mention the Kilo Constant of milk.
 Dairy Kilo Constant: Here mention the Dairy Kilo Constant of milk.
 Conversion Kilo Constant: Here mention the Conversion Kilo Constant of milk.
 Identity Suffix Code: Here mention the Identity Suffix Code.
 Two Axis FAT and SNF Formula: Here mention the value of Two Axis FAT and
SNF Formula.
 Two Axis Dairy FAT and Dairy SNF Formula: Here mention the value of Two Axis
Dairy FAT and Dairy SNF Formula.
Sample Code
 Sample Milk Code: here mention the sample code for milk.
 Milk Type Name: Here mention the Milk Type name, B for Buffalo and C for
Cow.
 Sample Milk Account:
Note: Same Settings of Buffalo are repeated for COW and Mix

Table 32:
		

Table 33:
		

Table 34:
		

Table 35:
		

Table 36:
		

Table 37:
Next System settings is Advance settings. In which Details of Locking are explained
below.
1. Lock Days Milk Data: Mention the number of days to lock the previous days
Milk data.
2. Lock Days Account Data: Mention the number of days to lock the previous
days Account data.
Next System settings is Advance settings. In which Details of Shift close are
explained below.
1. Auto Trucksheet Generate: If you want to generate Trucksheet automatically
then select this option.
2. Mandatory Shift Close: If you want to shift close option mandatory then select
this option.

Table 38:
		

Table 39:
	 Data base is very important for any
setup, in which all the information
related to settings and operation are
saved.
 For that user can go to System –
Data Base Maintenance – Backup
Database.
 After selecting this option, you
would see the screen as shown
below.
	In this page select the proper path to
create the Back up of Data base.

Table 40:
		

Table 41:
	 Data base is very important for any
setup, in which all the information
related to settings and operation are
saved.
 For that user can go to System – Data
Base Maintenance – Export Data to
Drive.
 After selecting this option, you would
see the screen as shown below.
In this page mention the proper path of drive to export the Data base.	

Table 42:
		

Table 43:
	 Data base is very important for any
setup, in which all the information
related to settings and operation
are saved.
 For that user can go to System –
Data Base Maintenance – Import
Data from Drive.
 After selecting this option, you
would see the screen as shown
below.
In this page mention the proper path to import the Data base from the drive.	

Table 44:
		

Table 45:
	 Device Configuration is also an important
function for any setup.
 For that user can go to System – Device
Configuration.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
Next Page is Device Configuration, in which Details are explained below.
In Device Configuration first you need to mention the Device Name, and select the
device type. Also you need to mention the following Hardware settings.
 Hardware Id: Mention the Hardware Id here.
 Baud Rate: Select the Baud rate as 9600 here.
 Data Bits: Select the data bits as 8 here.
 Stop Bits: Select the Stop bits none here.
 Parity: Select the Parity even here.
 Flow Control: Select the Flow control as none here.
 Input Buffer Count: Mention the Input buffer count here.
 Output Buffer Count: Mention the output buffer count here.
 Input Type: Select ASCII as input type here.
After Filling the details click on SAVE & NEW to save the entire details of Device
Configurations.	

Table 46:
		

Table 47:
	 Device Mapping is also an important function
for any setup.
 For that user can go to System – Device
Configuration.
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
In device mapping page Node Name, Mac Address, IP Address and Unique Id
need to mention.	

Table 48:
		

Table 49:
	 Account is an important function to manage
all the functionalities related to sales,
purchase, expense, income etc. for any setup.
For that first we need to create account
groups and then accounts.
 For that user can go to Master – Account
Group.
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of Account Groups.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Account Groups with Group
Name, Parent Account Group, Group Type, Account Type, Created by, Creation
Date, Updated by, Updated date etc. details. The user can edit the respective
details by clicking the Edit option present on the top. By clicking, the user will
see the entire form and can make any desired changes.	

Table 50:
		

Table 51:
	 Account is an important function to manage
all the functionalities related to sales,
purchase, expense, income etc. for any setup.
For that first we have created account groups
and now we will create accounts.
 For that user can go to Master – Account.
The next screen will show the list of Accounts.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Accounts with Account Name,
Parent Account Group, Group Type, Account Type, Created by, Creation Date,
Updated by, Updated date etc. details. The user can edit the respective details by
clicking the Edit option present on the top. By clicking, the user will see the entire
form and can make any desired changes.	

Table 52:
		

Table 53:
	 Unit is require to measure all the parameters,
it is difficult to bifurcate different parameters
without units.
 For that user can go to Master – UOM (Unit of
Measurement).
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of UOM created.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created UOMs with UOM Name, Base Qty.,
and Parent UOM, created by, Creation Date, Updated by, and Updated date etc.
details. The user can edit the respective details by clicking the Edit option present
on the top. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make any desired
changes.
Click on + New tab for creation of new UOM.	
This is a page to create new UOM, in this page user need to enter UOM name in
both Languages. After Filling the details click on SAVE & NEW to save the entire
details of new UOM.	

Table 54:
		

Table 55:
	 Item means anything which is being sold
by the society. Like Buffalo Milk, Cow Milk,
cattle-feed, buttermilk, ghee etc.
 For that user can go to Master – Item.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of Items.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Items with Item code, Item Name,
UOM, Is Milk, Is Taxable, created by, Creation Date, Updated by, and Updated date
etc. details. The user can edit the respective details by clicking the Edit option
present on the top. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make
any desired changes.
Click on + New tab for creation of new UOM.	

Table 56:
		

Table 57:
		

Table 58:
	 Member means Farmer.
 From the Client software user can view all the
Farmers’ details only. Adding or Updating of
new farmer are done from Server only.
 To view the farmers’ details user can go to
Master – Member.
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the Member Details.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of Member Details with Member code,
Member Name, Mobile No., created by, Creation Date, Updated by, and Updated
date etc. details.
Click on View tab for view Member Details.	

Table 59:
		

Table 60:
	 Member Rate Chart is used for farmer
rate for Milk and will upload from server
only. And published to Client software.
 To view the Member Rate chart user
can go to Master – Rate Configuration –
Member Rate.
 After selecting this option, you would
see the screen as shown below.
	
Rate Chart published from Server will show here. By using View option user can
view the details of chart.	

Table 61:
		

Table 62:
	 Local Sale Rate " is used to enter the sale rate
"
of milk in local by the milk society. Clicking on
"Local Sale Rate" will open the following
screen.
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
	
Here in this page user need to enter the local sales Rate for Buffalo Milk, Cow milk
and Mix Milk. Also need to mention the Effective Date from which this Local sales
rate is going to come in picture.	

Table 63:
		

Table 64:
	 "Milk Collection" is used to enter the
milk procurements done in the milk
society. Clicking on "Milk Collection"
will open the following screen.
 For the Milk collection user can go to
Transaction – Milk Collection.
 After selecting this option, you would
see the screen as shown below.
	The date and Shift will appear in the
above screen automatically. You can
also upgrade if you want to. Select the
date and shift in which you want to
enter the milk collection.
Also, if you want to print the time of the
milk collection in the slip, then select
"Print the time in the slip".
If you want to print the total amount of
milk in the slip for a certain period of
time, select "Print Total in slip" and then
select the date and shift to enter the
period for Total.
In addition to this, if you have to pay on
a daily basis along with milk collection in
the milk society, you have to choose
‘with payment’ and ‘with deduction’.
Click on "OK" to fill all the above
information as required.

Table 65:
		

Table 66:

To Add Milk Collection
:
1. Enter the first member code. If the member has come to procure buffalo milk,
put the number "1" on the back of the member code. If the member has come
to procure the cow's milk, put the number "2" on the back of the member code.
 For example, if the member code is 101 and he has come to fill buffalo milk, then
write the code "1011" in the box of the member code. Similarly, if the member
code is 101 to fill cow's milk, then write the code "1012" in the box of the member
code.
 If members’ codes are already define as per cow and buffalo in the society then
no need to enter the cow or buff code after the members code while milk
collection.
2. The weight of the milk will come automatically from the "weight scale" and the
FAT-SNF from the "milk testing machine". If the interface of the weight scale or
milk testing machine is closed, you can make the necessary settings and also
enter the weight and FAT-SNF manually.
3. The amount of milk and the price per liter will come automatically as per the
weight of milk and fat-SNF.
4. You will also see the average weight, fat, SNF in the side as per the previous milk
collection of the member as per the setting you have done.
5. You will also see the details of the previous milk collection of the member you
entered in the screen below.
6. After the amount of milk is generated, press Enter or “+” button to save the milk
collection.
7. The saved entry will be automatically added to the summary board.
8. Slip you set will also print automatically if the printer is turned on.

Table 67:
		

Table 68:

 Click on the “Settings” button in the Milk Collection screen to set the milk filling.
Clicking on the "Settings" button will open the following screen.
 In the screen above, select the template to print the milk receipt, the printer.
Receipt of milk will be printed on the printer of your choice according to the
template you have chosen.
 Also select the amount of milk to be rounded in the above screen.
 Select the machine whose interface is to be maintained while milk collection.
For example, when you click on "Weighing Turn on", the weight of a liter of milk
will automatically come down from the scale.
Click "OK" to save the setting.

Table 69:
		

Table 70:
	Important information related to Milk Collection
will be shown here.
	It is showing entry mode as new. Like, New, Edit or
Print etc.
	This is User Id from which user is login in to the
application.
	This one is center code.
	It is showing Weighing Scale interface is proper or
not.
	It is showing Fat testing machine Interface is
proper or not.
	It is showing Printer condition.
	It is showing information of shortcut keys and
other information.
	It is showing Date and Time of Computer.

Table 71:
		

Table 72:
	 After completion of Milk Collection
at BMC level user need to generate
Dispatch Slip or Truck sheet.
 For that user can go to Transaction
– Milk Transaction – Truck Sheet
info.
 Clicking on "Truck sheet" will open
the following screen.
	
The next screen will show the Generated Truck Sheet Details.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of Truck sheet Details with Truck sheet
Date, Shift, From Date & To Date, From Shift & To Shift, Created by, Creation Date,
Updated by, and Updated date etc. details.
Click on New tab for generate new Truck Sheet.	
	Here in this pop up screen user need to
mention for the Dispatch type weather
it is Can wise dispatch or BCU Dispatch.

Table 73:
		

Table 74:
	
 After selecting the Truck sheet type this page will open to generate Truck sheet.
 First in this page user need to mention From date & To date and also From Shift
& To Shift for Milk procurement data. Also select the Date and shift to create Truck
sheet. Then remaining milk Procurement Details are already present.
 User need to mention FAT, SNF and Weight of total Milk procurement.
 In the end select the Generate Button at top left corner to create truck sheet.	
	When User select Generate button
after filling all the details to create truck
sheet, this pop up screen will generate.
It shows truck sheet generated
successfully.

Table 75:
		

Table 76:
	 If the Society is not allowed to
edit the milk collection by the
union, then approval from the
milk union is required to edit the
milk collection.
 The "Milk Collection Edit
Request" is used to seek
permission to edit the milk
collection.
 Clicking on "Milk Collection Edit
Request" from Milk transaction
menu under Transaction will
open the following screen.
	
 In the screen above, select the date and Shift you want to improve the milk
collection of the shift. Then select the member you want to modify. Select the
appropriate sample number if the milk has been filled more than once in the
member code in the selected date and shift. The milk collection details will come
automatically.
 Make the improvements you need to make in the new milk entry. You can see in
the screen the change that will be made by improving the milk. Choose the correct
reason and if you want to enter a note, enter the note. Click on “Save and Close”
button to save the entry. Once the request for milk edit is accepted by the
federation, you will automatically get the milk collection edited.	

Table 77:
		

Table 78:
	 If manual entry in milk collection is
not allowed by the union on the
society, approval from the milk
union is required to make manual
entry for milk collection.
 A "Manual Milk Collection Request"
is used to obtain permission for
manual milk collection.
 Clicking on “Manual Milk Collection
Request” from Milk transaction
menu under Transaction will open
the screen as follows.
	
 In the above screen select the date and shift for manual milk collection in the joint.
You can also request entry for more than one shift. Then you have to enter the
weight manual in the milk collection, click on “Weight” and if you want to enter the
fat manual, click on “Fat”. Choose the correct reason for manual entry. Click on
“Save and Close” button to save the entry. Once the request for manual milk
collection is accepted by the federation, you will be able to make manual entry of
weight / fat while milk collection.	

Table 79:
		

Table 80:
 This function is used when user
need to update the milk rate of
collected milk. For example new
Milk Rate is applied but milk is
collected as per old Milk Rate for
the effective date or shift then
this this function is used.
For that select the From Date & to Date and also for From Shift & To Shift and press
submit button.

Table 81:
		

Table 82:
Helpline		Toll Free Numbers
1800-833-1985

Table 83:
Toll Free Numbers
1800-833-1985
