Transforming Animal Husbandry with Digital InnovationTo revolutionize the dairy supply chain, Prompt introduces innovative solutions that enhance traceability and transparency. By eliminating assumptions, human error, and outdated practices, Prompt streamlines animal husbandry extension activities, ensuring efficiency. Challenges like low conception rates, limited genetic potential in dairy herds, ineffective record-keeping, and difficulties in accessing records for informed decision-making are prevalent in the industry. Prompt marks a transformative phase in dairy herd management, providing solutions that support AI workers, veterinarians, and farmers, enhancing accuracy and reliability across various processes. CURRENT DIGITAL FARM MANAGEMENT SCENARIO WITH PROMPT BovEasy detects pregnancy in just 28 days post AI Prompt offers a range of innovative dairy farming solutions, from semen-thawing to cattle milking. By using these innovative products, dairies will be able to achieve optimal efficiency in animal husbandry extension services – enabling farmers to maximize their profits, protect milk quality and keep cattle healthy.Prompt ThawEasy SMART PRO digital frozen semen thawing machine A Bluetooth-enabled automated semen-thawing machine designed for large dairy providing breeding services to the milk shed area; it ensures the correct standard operating procedure (SOPs) is followed by all field users, thus eliminating human error in the thawing process. Key highlights: Operating temperature Thawing time is between -5°C to ~50°C 30-120 seconds Equipped with straw detection Cloud connected device for and water level sensors real-time decision-making *Prompt ThawEasy Smart Semi automatic model also available Prompt ThawEasy LITE frozen semen thawing machine A manual semen-thawing system designed to standardize and streamline semen-thawing during artificial insemination. It has manual temperature-control settings, which ensure accurate semen-thawing process that enable adherence to standard operating procedures (SOPs). Key highlights: User-friendly design Temperature control settings Compatible with multiple semen samples *Prompt ThawEasy Lite Plus Model with bluetooth and mobile app Prompt BreedEasy veterinary multipurpose endoscopic gun A digital endoscopic gun equipped with a camera for visual confirmation of the AI procedure. It provides an increased conception rate and allows connectivity with smartphones for a clear picture of the vaginal tract and cervix. Key highlights: 180° wide angle and Visual confirmation of the 120° & 360° rotation angle AI procedure Wireless connectivity Images of AI procedure can be recorded on the Farm365 appPrompt BovEasy early bovine pregnancy rapid test kit A early pregnancy detection kit that can be used in just 28 days after breeding. Through the test of Pregnancy Associated Glycoprotein (PAGs), this kit helps in detecting non pregnant animal early thus helps in improving inter-calving period. Key highlights: Ensures Non-invasive procedure embryo safety for animal comfort Reduces Highly accurate calving interval result in just 20 min Prompt BovTag digital tag reader BovTag allows easy identification of cattle by capturing the image of the existing ear tag of the animal and recording a unique identification number on it. To ensure authenticity, it records the date, time, and geo-location from where data is captured. Key highlights: Developed with advance computer vision technology Auto-adjustable, can read tags from 1.2 metres Can be integrated with any farm management app Prompt MilkEasy milking machine AA mmiilking machine designed for cattle comfort that ssppeeeeds the process and eliminates contamination ooff mmilk. It ensures animal comfort, maximises milk yyiieelldd and retains milk quality. Key highlights: LLoow noise to avoid any discomfort to the cattle FFoood Grade, thylet-free 2255 litre capacity stainless steel 304 buckets Models available: Interlocking to prevent udder injury to cattle Fix Type, Trolley Type, 2B2C, 1B2CPrompt EasyLine milking parlour A milking parlour with a standing herringbone structure that allows for faster and easier milking for animal. Available in two configurations, the milking parlour allows better udder health and greater bovine comfort. Key highlights: Saves time, energy and labour costs, Robust galvanised structure and easy-to-use for long life High precision and long life 1X5 and 1X6 configurations of Yuval regulator Prompt Farm365 comprehensive heard management app The app allows easy monitoring that leads to better cattle health, ensuring high profitability. Equipped with advanced technology and a seamless interface, the Farm 365 app records data throughout the life cycle of the cattle, providing a convenient source of data to the farmer. Key highlights: Animal-wise vaccination Alerts to service providers, and milk data recording doctors and farmers Animal lifecycle card for Historical data ensures efficient all the lifecycle events milk and cattle monitoringPrompt Dairytech The Indian leader in dairy farm-level solutions Our continuous pursuit of purity in everything we do has led us to developing innovative solutions for the dairy farming industry. We offer technology for every aspect of Dairy Farming - making it easier and cost-effective, and achieving better standards in 28+ 350+ 68,000+ states districts villages 900+ Legacy of over 10 patented team members 3 decades products 220+ service support 24x7 support locations via mobile app Bovsmart Thaweasy Breedeasy Boveasy Dashboard AI PD Calvi... CatStloec Tieytpye: :A BllothSPeemrieond:: BToodthay Ac3tiveCom6pletedCan0celed Semen Stock Tag Search FIP Perforemance Dashboard More Bovtag & Farm 365 App Smart Scale Milkeasy & Easyline milking parlour Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. Scan the QR Code to know more: 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 |Follow us on 4202-beF