
Table 1:
User need to create Lab first, for that User need to go Master – Lab. In this page
user can see list of already created Lab details. User can edit the lab details or
delete the created lab also from here.
To create new lab click on the Add button.
In this page lab code will generate automatically, user need to mention the below
details.
Lab Name, State, District, Sub District, Village, Lab address, In charge person name
and Mobile number. After filling the mandatory details Submit button will enable,
click on the Submit button to save the details.

Table 2:
After creating Labs, user need to create Client (Society), for that user need to go
Master – Client. In this page user can see list of already created client details. User
can edit the client details or delete the created client also from here.
To create new Client click on the Add button.
In this page Client code will generate automatically, user need to mention the
below details.
Client Name, State, District, Sub District, Village, Lab, Client address, Incharge person
name and Mobile number. After filling the mandatory details Submit button will
enable, click on the Submit button to save the details.

Table 3:
Users who are going to use or manage the portal as well as use the mobile application. As
per the requirement, the users can be made by given different roles. To create the User, you
need to go to User Registration.
In this page user can see list of already created Users details. To create new User click on
the Add button.
In this page user need to mention the below details.
User Role, Name, Mobile number, User’s Reporting to, Max. Offline Days, How do you want
to map? And Client / Lab mapping. After filling the mandatory details Submit button will
enable, click on the Submit button to save the details.

Table 4:
Once Batch is received to customer, user need to dispatch each set box to individual
created client. In this page user can see list of already dispatched set box details. To
dispatch new set box click on the Add button.
In this page transaction number will generate automatically, user need to mention
the below details to dispatch the Set box.
Transaction date, Client Name, Batch number, and Set Quantity. After filling the
mandatory details Submit button will enable, click on the Submit button to save the
details.

Table 5:
Once set is dispatched to client, user can return that dispatch also. In this page user
can see list of return dispatch set box details. To Return Dispatch click on the Add
button.
For return dispatch user need to mention the Dispatched Date and Transaction
number of Dispatch and press the Process button. After filling the details Submit
button will enable, click on the Submit button to save the details.

Table 6:
User can set the tolerance limit of reference sample reading to match with Client’s
device result. To set the tolerance limit press the edit icon.
From this page user can set the tolerance limit for FAT & SNF of each samples. After
mentioning the tolerance limit press the Submit button to save the details.

Table 7:
From this page User can view average value of FAT & SNF for each liquid type for
particular Lab. If user want to see each individual result for liquid B, C & D then click
on 3 number.
Individual result for each liquid is shown as above image.

Table 8:

List of client results are shown here. Here in this list user can see Client name, QR code of
device, Batch number, Set number, Calibration checked by & checked Date, Result and
Remark. User can view the same result by filtering the details by client details also.
To view the individual client result click on the view option.
From this page User can view average value of FAT & SNF for each liquid type for particular
client. If user want to see each individual result for liquid B, C & D then click on 3 number.

Table 9:
The report has been created for viewing the Milk Collection edited data like Rate, FAT,
Qty with difference than older data for selected MPP, selected date range, shift and
sabhasad range. It can be found under the Milk Reports.
You can find in two different Milk Edit reports. One is Region wise and another one is
Society wise.

Table 10:
The report has been created for viewing the edit requests seen so far from the MPPs.
It can be found under the Milk Reports. It also provide summarized data of milk edit
for milk collection amount society wise according to selected parameters. It bifurcate
data according to difference between final milk edit amount and initial milk collection
amount.

Table 11:
								
							Toll Free Numbers	
								
	Helpline							
							1800-833-1985	
								
								
								
