
Table 1:
Component
name		Description	Quantity
Paper Roll		Printer Page for Thermal
Printer	3
RS232 Link		 Interface cable for
Electronic Weigh Scale
 Interface cable for
Remote Display unit
 Interface cable for FAT
Machine/Milk Analyzer	3
Power
Adapter
(For AC
DPU)		12V DC 3Amp.	1
USB PC
Keyboard		Keyboard	1
Display		Electronic Display	1

Table 2:
Pin Code: Enter the pin code of
member’s address
Census Code: Enter the Census code
given by Dairy’s format here
Gender: Select the Gender of
member
Is Registered?: Select Yes if member
is registered
Milk Type: Select the Milk Type of
member’s cattle
Mobile no: Enter the mobile No. here.
Aadhar Card No:
PAN Card No:
Date of Joining: Select the joining
date of member to society
After filling all the details press Enter
button to save the data

Table 3:
Rate Chart is sync from web portal
directly.
User can view the Details of Rate
Chart given by Web portal from
here.
For that user need to go through
Masters >> Ratechart.
After selecting, as shown above, the user will see the list of all the available rate
charts in DPU.
The Rate chart has following properties:
1 Rate ID: The unique ID given to the Rate chart by the system
2 Effective Date: The date, from when the rate will be applied
3 Shift: Whether the rate chart applied for Morning shift or Evening Shift
4 Rate Type: On which parameter the rate is being calculated. FATSNF shows
the rate chart is going to calculate rate based on FAT and SNF of collected
milk
When you select the Rate Chart
this popup page will open and
that ask you to View or Edit?
Note: At DPU level there is no
rights for Edit RateChart.
If you want to View the RateChart
then click on View Button.

Table 4:
Note: At DPU level there is no
rights for Edit RateChart.

Table 5:
On top, you will see the Date and (shift). Besides, serial No. which show the
numbers of the collection done in the shift.
1. From USB Keyboard, enter the Code of member who come to collect milk,
press ENTER
2. Member’s Name will come automatically from the Member Master’s data
3. Milk type: Selection to identify the type of milk is based on system settings from
server. Different options available are given as below.
 Manual: by using function system accepts all type of milk (cow, buffalo and
Mix). The operator will manually select type of milk during the milk collecting
from DPU (pressing by F1, F2 and F3).
 FAT Base: This is used to FAT range wise cow buff selection (For example
when we enter 5.1 then 5.1 is buff and <5.1 = treat as cow)
4. Can No. is the number of can in which the milk is being procured, enter from
keyboard.
5. Quantity of milk in liter will come from the Electronic Weigh Scale
automatically.
6. FAT value of procured milk will come from the Milk Analyzer automatically.
7. Any Added Water in % value of procured milk will come from the Milk Analyzer
automatically.
8. The Rate would come automatically from the Rate Chart installed in the device.
9. Amount based on the Rate and Quantity would be calculated and seen here.
By pressing ENTER the milk collection would be completed and printer would print
the slip if enabled.
Note: After completing the milk collection process user need to procure collected
sample milk in sample milk code “1000” with proper Milk identification, Quantity and
FAT-SNF values. After collecting sample milk system automatically shows Shift Close
message. After Shift Close user cannot perform milk collection for the same shift.
Here, your milk collection process for one shift completes.

Table 6:
There could be some cases which
would cause milk edit needed due to
wrong entries.
For Edit Milk Collection user need to
go through Transaction >> Edit Milk
Collection Request.
Using Edit Milk Collection request option user can send edit request for data like
FAT, SNF, and Qty. with difference than older data for selected date, shift and
collection method.

Table 7:
This option is only available if
allowed in system settings from
server.
There could be some cases like the
fault in the AMCU devices or DPU
connected devices or power cut or
some external factor, which would
cause to make manual milk
collection.
To enable Manual Milk Collection,
user go through Transaction >>
Manual Milk Collection.
Using Manual Milk Collection option user can enter the Milk collection data like
Rate, FAT, SNF, Qty for selected date, shift.
Milk Collection parameters are same as Auto Milk Collection, User need to enter
Member code, Milk Type, Qty, FAT value, CAN No. manually.
NOTE: Here the system has been created that the manual milk collection
would be requested from the Society by generating the ticket and
reference to that the Manual Milk Permission can be enabled in system
settings from server.

Table 8:
This option is only available if
allowed in system settings from
server.

Table 9:
NOTE: Here the system has been created that the manual milk collection
would be requested from the Society by generating the ticket and
reference to that the Manual Milk Permission can be enabled in system
settings from server.

Table 10:
Society can use Simple Dispatch to
send collected milk to BMC/MCC or
plant with Milk Quantity and other
parameters.
For this user go through Transaction >>
Simple Dispatch.
Select the Date & Shift for which you
want to add the data for the dispatch.
Press Enter and you would see Simple
Dispatch screen.
Milk Type: Cow and Buffalo types are given.
Total Can: Add no. of cans filled for the milk
in the shift
Total Qty: Add the total quantity of milk in
litre for both Cow and Buffalo separately
FAT: Add the FAT value of both milk one by
one
SNF: Add the SNF value of both milk one
by one
Tanker Number: Add the tanker number in
which the milk is being dispatched.

Table 11:
There could be some cases like the
fault in the DPU connected devices or
power cut or some external factor,
which would cause to make manual
milk collection. For that user need to
request for the same.
To generate Manual Milk request, user
need to go through Transaction >>
Manual Milk Request.
In the Manual Milk Request page user
need to select the date & shift,
Selection to enter the manual data for
Weight and FAT, and also need to
select the Reason for the same to
generate Manual Milk Request
User can see the status of Manual Milk
Collection Request form here.

Table 12:
From this menu user can check the
status of Edit Milk Request, weather it
is pending, approved or processed.	
In this page user need to select the
date and reason for which he need to
see the status of Edit Milk Request.	From this page user can see the status
of Edit Milk Request.

Table 13:
User can export the configuration logs
from here using USB pen drive.	After Completing Export this message
will appear on the screen.

Table 14:
Normally Firmware will
automatically update by sync with
Web portal.
From this function user can
upgrade the firmware using USB
Pen drive also. For that User need
to put the new firmware version
file at Import Master – Active
inside the pen drive.
When you select Firmware
Upgrade first this popup page will
open and it will show 0% at
Starting.

Table 15:
Note: If you apply Factory reset than
all the data from memory card will
erase, so do not apply Factory Reset.

Table 16:
After selecting Reports, you will see the printer selection option.
1. Serial Printer (Thermal Printer)
2. USB Printer (Dot Matrix Printer)
All the reports are listed below and explained one by one.
1. Milk Slip: To see the procured milk data by member in particular shift.
2. Duplicate Slip: If a duplicate slip is needed to be given to any member.
3. Purchase Register: To see the Purchase Register of the selected date and
shift.
4. Dispatch Slip: To see the Dispatch Slip of the selected Date.
5. Truck Sheet: To see the Truck sheet for the selected Date.
6. Purchase Summary: To see the Purchase Summary of the selected dates
and Shift wise.
7. Member Milk Bill: Selected member’s Milk Bill can be seen and printed.
8. Payment Register: To see the payment register of the selected days.
9. Member List: A report which would give the list of selected or all members
of Society.
10. System Settings: All the settings of DPU like Rate Parameters, Range
Parameters, Rate Calculations, Hardware Settings, Security Settings, Print
Settings, Language Settings and all other Default Settings will be printed
from here.

Table 17:
					
				Phone: +91 1800 1200 8580	
	HELPLINE				
					
					
				All Days – Time: 06.00 AM to 10.00 PM	
					
					

Table 18:
	Thank you	
		
