
Table 1:
		

Table 2:
	
Page | 0	

Table 3:
		

Table 4:
		

Table 5:
		

Table 6:
		

Table 7:
	Shortcut to Change Year or Change Society
	Shortcut to enter in Member Master
	Shortcut for the Milk Collection
	Shortcut to enter in Local Sales Transaction

Table 8:
		

Table 9:
	Shortcut for the Shift Close Transaction
	Shortcut for the Truck sheet Transaction
	Shortcut for the Cash book related Transaction
	Shortcut to go into the Item Sales
	Shortcut to go into the Deduction
	Shortcut for the Refresh
	Shortcut to exit from the Prompt AMCS .net client Software

Table 10:
	In this dashboard, you can view the Milk
Collection summary of the date you
selected. In the summary, you will also
see the Amount of Cow & Buffalo Milk,
Average FAT and SNF, and small local
sales details.
	In this dashboard, you will see a list of the
best milk Collection members according
to the mass you have selected. In the list,
you will see the member's code and
name, type and quantity of milk.

Table 11:
		

Table 12:
	In this dashboard, you will see the details
of the Pending work. Here you will find a
list of pending data to be sent to the
server, a list of pending truck sheets, a list
of pending shifts, etc.
	In this dashboard, you will find month-
wise information about milk purchase in
the form of graphs. You can see the data
for the current year as well as the
previous year in the form of graphs here.
	In this dashboard, various circulars and
rate charts sent by the Dairy can be seen
here.
	In this dashboard, you can find Contact
timing, toll-free contact number and
email address of the Helpdesk.

Table 13:
		

Table 14:
 Societies are facilitate with Automatic Milk
Collection Unit (AMCU) installed where the
farmers pour their milk.
 The first step to create Society is go to
System – Society.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of Societies.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Societies with Society Name,
Society code, Union Name, State, Created by, Creation Date, Updated by,
Updated date etc. details. The user can edit the respective details by clicking the
Edit option present on the top. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and
can make any desired changes.
Click on + New tab for creation of new Society.

Table 15:
		

Table 16:
 To change the financial year first step is go
to System – Change Year.
 Generally this process will be done
automatically, but if year is not changed
then you can do the process for the same.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
In this page you just need to select the Proper Society from drop down list and
new financial year. After that click on OK button.

Table 17:
		

Table 18:
 To change new financial year of society first
step is go to System – New Year Process.
 Generally this process will be done
automatically, but if year is not changed
then you can do the process for the same.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
In this page You can see the new financial year, click on OK button to change the
New financial year.

Table 19:
		

Table 20:
 To create the new User for the Society
first step is go to System – User.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of Users.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Users with Full Name, User
Name, User Type, User Role, Mobile No., Email Id, created by, Creation Date,
Updated by, and Updated date etc. details. The user can edit the respective
details by clicking the Edit option present on the top. By clicking, the user will
see the entire form and can make any desired changes.
Click on + New tab to create the User.

Table 21:
		

Table 22:
		

Table 23:
		

Table 24:
		

Table 25:
		

Table 26:
		

Table 27:
		

Table 28:

Next System settings is Range & Constants Settings. In which Details are explained
below.
FAT SNF Range
 Minimum, Maximum and Standard FAT: Here mention the Minimum,
Maximum and Standard FAT value of Milk.
 Minimum, Maximum and Standard SNF: Here mention the Minimum,
Maximum and Standard SNF value of Milk.
Rate Constants
 Default LR and Default CLR: Here mention the Default LR and Default CLR
value of milk.
 Kilo Constant: Here mention the Kilo Constant of milk.
 Dairy Kilo Constant: Here mention the Dairy Kilo Constant of milk.
 Conversion Kilo Constant: Here mention the Conversion Kilo Constant of milk.
 Identity Suffix Code: Here mention the Identity Suffix Code.
 Two Axis FAT and SNF Formula: Here mention the value of Two Axis FAT and
SNF Formula.
 Two Axis Dairy FAT and Dairy SNF Formula: Here mention the value of Two Axis
Dairy FAT and Dairy SNF Formula.
Sample Code
 Sample Milk Code: here mention the sample code for milk.
 Milk Type Name: Here mention the Milk Type name, B for Buffalo and C for
Cow.
 Sample Milk Account:
Note: Same Settings of Buffalo are repeated for COW and Mix

Table 29:
		

Table 30:
		

Table 31:
		

Table 32:
		

Table 33:
		

Table 34:
Next System settings is Advance settings. In which Details of Locking are explained
below.
1. Lock Days Milk Data: Mention the number of days to lock the previous days
Milk data.
2. Lock Days Account Data: Mention the number of days to lock the previous
days Account data.
Next System settings is Advance settings. In which Details of Shift close are
explained below.
1. Auto Trucksheet Generate: If you want to generate Trucksheet automatically
then select this option.
2. Mandatory Shift Close: If you want to shift close option mandatory then select
this option.

Table 35:
		

Table 36:
 Data base is very important for any
setup, in which all the information
related to settings and operation are
saved.
 For that user can go to System –
Data Base Maintenance – Backup
Database.
 After selecting this option, you
would see the screen as shown
below.
In this page select the proper path to
create the Back up of Data base.

Table 37:
		

Table 38:
 Device Configuration is also an
important function for any setup.
 For that user can go to System –
Device Configuration.
 After selecting this option, you would
see the screen as shown below.
Next Page is Device Configuration, in which Details are explained below.
In Device Configuration first you need to mention the Device Name, and select the
device type. Also you need to mention the following Hardware settings.
 Hardware Id: Mention the Hardware Id here.
 Baud Rate: Select the Baud rate as 9600 here.
 Data Bits: Select the data bits as 8 here.
 Stop Bits: Select the Stop bits none here.
 Parity: Select the Parity even here.
 Flow Control: Select the Flow control as none here.
 Input Buffer Count: Mention the Input buffer count here.
 Output Buffer Count: Mention the output buffer count here.
 Input Type: Select ASCII as input type here.
After Filling the details click on SAVE & NEW to save the entire details of Device
Configurations.

Table 39:
		

Table 40:
 Device Mapping is also an important
function for any setup.
 For that user can go to System –
Device Configuration.
 After selecting this option, you would
see the screen as shown below.
In device mapping page Node Name, Mac Address, IP Address and Unique Id
need to mention.

Table 41:
		

Table 42:
 Account is an important function to manage
all the functionalities related to sales,
purchase, expense, income etc. for any setup.
For that first we need to create account
groups and then accounts.
 For that user can go to Master – Account
Group.
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of Account Groups.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Account Groups with Group
Name, Parent Account Group, Group Type, Account Type, Created by, Creation
Date, Updated by, Updated date etc. details. The user can edit the respective
details by clicking the Edit option present on the top. By clicking, the user will
see the entire form and can make any desired changes.

Table 43:
		

Table 44:
 Account is an important function to manage
all the functionalities related to sales,
purchase, expense, income etc. for any setup.
For that first we have created account groups
and now we will create accounts.
 For that user can go to Master – Account.
The next screen will show the list of Accounts.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Accounts with Account Name,
Parent Account Group, Group Type, Account Type, Created by, Creation Date,
Updated by, Updated date etc. details. The user can edit the respective details by
clicking the Edit option present on the top. By clicking, the user will see the entire
form and can make any desired changes.

Table 45:
		

Table 46:
 Unit is require to measure all the parameters,
it is difficult to bifurcate different parameters
without units.
 For that user can go to Master – UOM (Unit of
Measurement).
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of UOM created.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created UOMs with UOM Name, Base Qty.,
and Parent UOM, created by, Creation Date, Updated by, and Updated date etc.
details. The user can edit the respective details by clicking the Edit option present
on the top. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make any desired
changes.
Click on + New tab for creation of new UOM.
This is a page to create new UOM, in this page user need to enter UOM name in
both Languages. After Filling the details click on SAVE & NEW to save the entire
details of new UOM.

Table 47:
		

Table 48:
 Item means anything which is being sold
by the society. Like Buffalo Milk, Cow Milk,
cattle-feed, buttermilk, ghee etc.
 For that user can go to Master – Item.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the list of Items.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of created Items with Item code, Item Name,
UOM, Is Milk, Is Taxable, created by, Creation Date, Updated by, and Updated date
etc. details. The user can edit the respective details by clicking the Edit option
present on the top. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make
any desired changes.
Click on + New tab for creation of new UOM.

Table 49:
		

Table 50:
		

Table 51:
 Member means Farmer.
 From the Client software user can view all the
Farmers’ details only. Adding or Updating of
new farmer are done from Server only.
 To view the farmers’ details user can go to
Master – Member.
 After selecting this option, you would see the
screen as shown below.
The next screen will show the Member Details.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of Member Details with Member code,
Member Name, Mobile No., created by, Creation Date, Updated by, and Updated
date etc. details.
Click on View tab for view Member Details.

Table 52:
		

Table 53:
 Member Rate Chart is used for
farmer rate for Milk and will upload
from server only. And published to
Client software.
 To view the Member Rate chart user
can go to Master – Rate
Configuration – Member Rate.
 After selecting this option, you
would see the screen as shown
below.
Rate Chart published from Server will show here. By using View option user can
view the details of chart.

Table 54:
		

Table 55:
 Local Sale Rate " is used to enter the sale rate of milk in local by the milk society.
"
Clicking on "Local Sale Rate" will open the following screen.
 After selecting this option, you would see the screen as shown below.
Here in this page user need to enter the local sales Rate for Buffalo Milk, Cow milk
and Mix Milk. Also need to mention the Effective Date from which this Local sales
rate is going to come in picture.

Table 56:
		

Table 57:
 "Milk Collection" is used to enter the milk
procurements done in the milk society.
Clicking on "Milk Collection" will open the
following screen.
 For the Milk collection user can go to
Transaction – Milk Collection.
 After selecting this option, you would see
the screen as shown below.
The date and Shift will appear in the above
screen automatically. You can also upgrade
if you want to. Select the date and shift in
which you want to enter the milk collection.
Also, if you want to print the time of the milk
collection in the slip, then select "Print the
time in the slip".
If you want to print the total amount of milk
in the slip for a certain period of time, select
"Print Total in slip" and then select the date
and shift to enter the period for Total.
In addition to this, if you have to pay on a
daily basis along with milk collection in the
milk society, you have to choose ‘with
payment’ and ‘with deduction’. Click on "OK"
to fill all the above information as required.

Table 58:
		

Table 59:
		

Table 60:
		

Table 61:
	Important information related to Milk Collection
will be shown here.
	It is showing entry mode as new. Like, New, Edit or
Print etc.
	This is User Id from which user is login in to the
application.
	This one is center code.
	It is showing Weighing Scale interface is proper or
not.
	It is showing Fat testing machine Interface is
proper or not.
	It is showing Printer condition.
	It is showing information of shortcut keys and
other information.
	It is showing Date and Time of Computer.

Table 62:
		

Table 63:
 After completion of Milk Collection
at BMC level user need to generate
Dispatch Slip or Truck sheet.
 For that user can go to Transaction
– Milk Transaction – Truck Sheet
info.
 Clicking on "Truck sheet" will open
the following screen.	
	
The next screen will show the Generated Truck Sheet Details.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of Truck sheet Details with Truck sheet
Date, Shift, From Date & To Date, From Shift & To Shift, Created by, Creation Date,
Updated by, and Updated date etc. details.
Click on New tab for generate new Truck Sheet.	
	Here in this pop up screen user need to
mention for the Dispatch type weather
it is Can wise dispatch or BCU Dispatch.

Table 64:
		

Table 65:
	
 After selecting the Truck sheet type this page will open to generate Truck sheet.
 First in this page user need to mention From date & To date and also From Shift
& To Shift for Milk procurement data. Also select the Date and shift to create Truck
sheet. Then remaining milk Procurement Details are already present.
 User need to mention FAT, SNF and Weight of total Milk procurement.
 In the end select the Generate Button at top left corner to create truck sheet.	
	When User select Generate button
after filling all the details to create truck
sheet, this pop up screen will generate.
It shows truck sheet generated
successfully.

Table 66:
		

Table 67:
 This function is used when user need
to update the milk rate of collected
milk. For example new Milk Rate is
applied but milk is collected as per
old Milk Rate for the effective date or
shift then this this function is used.
For that select the From Date & to Date and also for From Shift & To Shift and press
submit button.

Table 68:
		

Table 69:
								
							Toll Free Numbers	
								
	Helpline							
							1800-833-1985	
								
								
								
