
Table 1:
 There are the special system settings made for the DPUs used in the project.
They can be seen and changed from here.
 To manage the system, you can select DPU System Setting option in the
Settings >> DPU under the Masters menu.
 After selecting the option, you would see the screen as shown below.
1. + New: The button to add new setting.
2. Edit: If any entry is needed to be changed, by clicking this button the user can
make it.
3. Code: The 4-digit code for the settings.
4. Description: Description of the settings would be seen here.
5. Remarks: If there are any remarks, then they would be seen here.
6. Search: User can search the settings by code, description etc.
7. Status: If you want to see the settings based on their status like active or
inactive, you can select the type from here.
8. Delete: If you want to delete the selected settings, you can use this button.
9. Close: This button will allow the user closing the form.
After selecting edit or + New option, you would see a screen like shown below,
explained ahead in detail.

Table 2:



Table 3:
1. + New: The button to add new setting.
2. Edit: If any entry is needed to be changed, by clicking this button the user can
make it.
3. Society: The 4-digit code for the MPP, where the settings are applied.
4. Settings: The name of the settings, which has been applied on this MPP.
5. Published On: The date on which the new settings was published.
6. Pending: Whether the proposed setting sending is pending for application or not
can be seen here.
7. Search: User can search the settings by society, setting name etc.
8. Close: This button will allow the user closing the form.
When you select option all MPPs and click to Publish then DPU Settings will publish
to all the MPPs of Union at a time.

Table 4:
 After creating BMC MCC setting, we need to publish these settings for the
process at BMC Center.
 To manage the system, you can select BMC MCC Setting Publish option in the
BMC MCC Setting submenu under the Masters menu.
 After selecting the option, you would see the screen as shown below.
1. + New: The button to add new setting.
2. Edit: If any entry is needed to be changed, by clicking this button the user can
make it.
3. Society: The 4-digit code for the BMC/MCC, where the settings are applied.
4. Settings: The name of the settings, which has been applied on this BMC/MCC.
5. Published On: The date on which the new settings was published.
6. Pending: Whether the proposed setting sending is pending for application or not
can be seen here.
7. Search: User can search the settings by society, setting name etc.
8. Close: This button will allow the user closing the form.

Table 5:
When you select option All MPPs and click to Publish then BMC MCC Settings will
publish to all the MPPs of Union at a time.
 The next option is to apply on the individual MPP. Here, you can make the
selection in different manner and they are explained one by one in details
below. Select individual MPP in the Publish option.
 When you select option Individual MPP for BMC MCC Settings publish, three
options will be enable.
 Search by Region: In this option you can publish BMC MCC Settings region
wise.
 Search by MPP: In this option you can publish System settings by selecting
particular one MPP wise. Here you can publish BMC MCC Settings in one MPP
only at a time.
 Search by Interval: In this option you can publish BMC MCC Settings by
selecting number of MPPs at a time. Here you can publish BMC MCC Settings
in more than one MPP.

Table 6:
 MPP users are the people who are
going to access the MPP based on
AMCU or DPU.
 New users can be created by the
administrator as per the
requirement by giving the
designated roles.
 To manage the MPP users, you can
go through Master Menu - MPP
User.
 After selecting the option, you
would see the screen as shown
below.
To create new MPP User you first need to Select the society by searching the society
code or name and then add the user for selected society by clicking on + New button.

Table 7:
 MPP Mapping is the service created
to move the MPP from one BMC
another BMC.
 To move the MPP, you can select
BMC/MPP Mapping option under
the Transaction menu.
 After selecting the option, you
would see the screen as shown
below.
1. + New: The button to add new mapping.
2. Edit: If any entry is needed to be changed, by clicking this button the user can make
the change.
3. Effective Date: The date from which the mapping has been enabled.
4. BMC: New Mapping of MPP with which BMC is seen here.
5. Search: From here user can search the mapping by BMC.
6. Delete: If you want to delete any selected mapping then this option is used.
7. Export: If you want to Export the MPP mapping details, you can use this button.
8. Close: This button will allow the user closing the form.

Table 8:
To enable Manual Milk Collection,
you can select Manual Milk
Request option under the
Transaction menu.
The next screen will show the list of Manual Milk Request. Details explained below. Here
in this page, you can see the list of Manual Milk Request with Society Code, Society Name,
From Date, From Shift, To Date, To Shift, Manual Entry in Fat, Manual Entry in Weight.
The user can approve or Reject the respective request by clicking the Edit option present in
every row. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make any desired changes.


Table 9:
To enable Milk Edit, you can
select Milk Edit Request option
under the Transaction menu.
The next screen will show the list of milk edit request. Details explained below.
 Here in this page, you can see the list of milk edit request with Society Code,
Society Name, Farmer Code, Date, Sample No., Milk Type and Shift.
 The user can approve or Reject the respective request by clicking the Edit option
present in every row. By clicking, the user will see the entire form and can make
any desired changes.

Table 10:
There are several reports created in the Portal,
they are been divided in different categories.
1. Milk Reports: Reports related to Milk
Transaction.
2. MPP Reports: Reports based on MPPs.
3. Special Reports: Reports created specifically
for client.
4. Other Reports: Miscellaneous reports can be
seen here.
Different reports are explained ahead.
To view the different reports user need to select some parameters like
From Date and To Date, From Shift and To Shift, From Member and To Member,
Milk type and Society etc.
When you open any reports at that time above shown tabs are available on top.
With Refresh Button user can refresh the report.
From Parameter button user can change the report parameters.
From Export button user can export the report to PDF or in Excel sheet.

Table 11:
Refresh
Parameter
Export

Table 12:
The report has been created for viewing the Milk Collection edited data like Rate, FAT,
Qty with difference than older data for selected MPP, selected date range, shift and
sabhasad range. It can be found under the Milk Reports.
You can find in two different Milk Edit reports. One is Region wise and another one is
Society wise.

Table 13:
The report has been created for viewing the edit requests seen so far from the MPPs. It
can be found under the Milk Reports. It also provide summarized data of milk edit for
milk collection amount society wise according to selected parameters. It bifurcate data
according to difference between final milk edit amount and initial milk collection
amount.

Table 14:
								
							Toll Free Numbers	
								
	Helpline							
							1800-833-1985	
								
								
								
