
Table 1:
Power Input 
AC Supply
DC Supply
Solar	
230 Volt ± 15 – 20 %
12 Volt to 14 Volt, 10 Amp.
50 Watt
Power Consumption:	Average 80 watt, Peak 135 watts with printer
Battery	12V 12Ah LiFePO4
Operating Facilities	In-built stirrer and thermal printer 
Milk collection through Prompt mobile applications.
Mechanical Specifications:
Dimensions (w x d x h) 
Weight 
Type of Body 	
140 x 240 x 260mm 
2.66 kg
ABS Plastic
Environmental Specifications:
Ambient Air Temperature 
Relative Humidity 	
10°C – 50°C
30% – 80%
Display Specifications:
Display LCD 	
16 characters by 2 lines 10mm character heights, alphanumeric LCD display.
Interface	3 RS232 Serial ports
1 USB Host port
Bluetooth
2” Thermal Printer
Measuring Parameters:
FAT 
SNF (Solid Non FAT) 
Added Water 
Density 
Protein (Optional)
Lactose (Optional)
Salt (Optional)
Measuring Time 	
0.0 – 15.0 %                             ± 0.10 % Accuracy
3.0 – 15.0 %                             ± 0.15 % Accuracy
0 – 60 %                                  ± 5 % Accuracy
1.022 g/cm3 – 1.036 g/cm3   ± 0.0005 g/cm3 
2 – 6 %                                     ± 0.2% Accuracy
0.5 – 7 %                                  ± 0.2% Accuracy
0.4 – 1.5 %                               ± 0.05% Accuracy
40 Seconds/Sample (90 Sample/hour)

Table 2:
RS - 232 connector pin out Detail	RS 232 Output Protocol	RS 232 Output Protocol
	Baud Rate	2400
	Data bit 	8
	Parity	None
	Stop bit	1
	Data Transmit	None

Table 3:
Items	Description	Qty.	
Plunger	Plunger for the Manual Cleaning of Sanchay With 4 extra O-ring	1	
Battery Connector	Connector to Operate Machine on 12 Volt DC Battery, Connect Red wire to the +Ve (Positive) point of Battery and Connect Black wire to the -Ve (Negative) point of Battery 	1	
Fuse	DC Fuse - 20 Amp.

AC Fuse - 5 Amp.	1

2	

Daily Cleaner [5%]	200ml Bottle of 5% Daily Cleaning Solution for Daily Cleaning of Sanchay	1	
Power/ Monthly Cleaner 
 [10%]	200ml Bottle of 10% Power / Monthly Cleaning Solution for Power / Monthly Cleaning of Sanchay	1	
Beaker	40ml beaker for analysis of Milk Sample 	2	
Roll	2 Inch paper roll for Thermal Printer	2	
RS232 Interface Link	RS232 Cable to Connect  Sanchay with Computer (9 Pin to 9 Pin Link)	2	

Table 4:
	
Press the OK button and then “ON” Power switch of Sanchay.	Keep Pressing the OK button until Enter Password message appears on Display.
	
Using UP DOWN and OK button enter the Password of Sanchay.	Select BLE Paring option using UP arrow and Press OK button. 
 	
Open the Milk Sangrah App and select Hardware Setting option from setting Menu.	In this page Click on the BLE icon.
	
Enter the Sanchay Name with number here	Press the BLE icon, Mobile Bluetooth must be on before this.
	
Select the particular Sanchay device	Mac data will come automatically and BLE icon appears Red and then press SUBMIT button.
	
After successful pairing of Sanchay with Milk Sangrah App BLE LED will be blinking. Press the Cable icon on the top.	Set port-1 Weighing Scale, Port-2 Display Unit, Port-3 Thermal Printer and Port-4 Milk Analyzer, and then press the Submit Button.

Table 5:
	
Plug in Sanchay power cable into Mains supply board and “ON” Power switch.	Once power of Sanchay is ON, Display will show MILK SANCHAY.
	
Next FAT, SNF AND ADDED WATER TEST shows on display.	Next, MACHINE ID will appear on Sanchay display.
 	
Next, version number shows on display.	Next, FILE SYSTEM OK
dialogue shows on display.
	
Next, Real Time Clock will show
Current DATE and TIME. 	After, you will see WARM UP message. It may take up to a minute.
	
Then CLEANING CYCLES message appears on display, here user need to clean Sanchay (with water) with minimum 025 cycles.	After successfully start-up cleaning, “CLEANING OVER” shows on display. Now, your milk Sanchay is ready to work.

Table 6:
	
Take the 40ml sample bottle given along with the Sanchay and take at least 35ml Milk in bottle.	An Ultrasonic stirrer is inbuilt with the Sanchay. 
Take the milk sample bottle and put it in the stirrer. There should be minimum 10 seconds stirring time for the sample.
Afterwards, Press OK button.

Table 7:
	
Take the milk in the milk sample bottle, put it under the pipette of Sanchay and Press OK button. Milk will be absorbed from the pipette.	After pressing OK, the machine will start the milk analysis of the sample. You will see WORKING… message on screen with blocks showing progress.
	
The result will show the FAT%, SNF%, Added Water% and Density of the milk. This is your desired result. If a DPU or computer system connected with the Sanchay, the readings will be transferred there automatically.	
NOTE: Do not test the same sample repeatedly. If you want to re-test the same sample, take a fresh raw milk sample from the farmer and measure the FAT again.	NOTE: Do not test the same sample repeatedly. If you want to re-test the same sample, take a fresh raw milk sample from the farmer and measure the FAT again.

Table 8:
	
Take the clean water in sample bottle.	Put the sample bottle below the pipette of Sanchay, and press the OK button. 
	
The result should come like:
FAT %: 0.00 | SNF %: 0.00 | 
Added Water %: 100 | Density: 0.00	

Table 9:
	
Take Clean Water / Mineral Water / RO Water in Sample Bottle and put sample bottle under the Pipette of Sanchay.	Press CLEAN button and 25 cleaning cycles will be seen. You can increase or decrease the cleaning cycle using ▼ and ▲ button. Then press OK button.
	
After staring of first cleaning cycle, REMAINING CYCLES will appear on display.	After finishing, you will receive the CLEANING OVER message.

Table 10:
 	
The sample bottle is of 40ml. Fill the sample bottle with approx. 38ml clean water.
Take 2 ml (Approx. 15 to 20 drops) of Daily Cleaner, in the sample bottle.	This will make a mixture of 5% cleaning solution and 95% of water.
Now the solution is ready for cleaning.
Warning: Do not use the cleaning solution more than recommended quantity. It is hazardous to the parts of the Sanchay.	Warning: Do not use the cleaning solution more than recommended quantity. It is hazardous to the parts of the Sanchay.

Table 11:
	
Now put this sample bottle below the pipette of Sanchay & press CLEAN button.	You can increase or decrease cycles by using ▼ and ▲ button. Press on OK button to start cleaning process.

Table 12:
  	
The sample bottle is of 40ml. Fill the sample bottle with approx. 36ml clean water.
Take 4 ml (Approx. 25 to 30 drops) of Monthly/Power Cleaner in the sample bottle.	This will make a mixture of 10% cleaning solution and 90% of water.
Now the Cleaning solution is ready for cleaning.
Warning: Do not use the cleaning solution more than recommended quantity.  It is hazardous to the parts of the Sanchay.	Warning: Do not use the cleaning solution more than recommended quantity.  It is hazardous to the parts of the Sanchay.

Table 13:
	
Now put this sample bottle below the pipette of Sanchay & press CLEAN button.	You can increase or decrease cycles by using ▼ and ▲ button. Press on OK button to start cleaning process.

Table 14:
		
After cleaning is done with Daily Cleaner, Turn off the supply of Sanchay and remove the Rubber Plug from top of the Sanchay.	Now, take the plunger which is given in the accessories box and stuck it in the hole on the top.	Now as shown in the image, keep pressing the plunger down forcefully.
		
Now take clean water in sample bottle and put it under the pipette.	Now as shown in the image, keep pressing the plunger up and down. Repeat this process 15-20 times. Remove the bottle when cleaning water comes out from the pipette.	Again keep pressing the plunger slowly up and down, so there is no water in Sanchay. 
Attach the rubber plug back on the top.

Table 15:
	
Take the Clean water in sample bottle and put the sample bottle below the pipette.
Then press the OK button. Water will automatically inserted through the pipette into Sanchay.	You will see the WORKING… message on the screen after pressing OK button.

	

When 2 dots appear below the WORKING… message then quickly turn off the ON/OFF switch of Milk Sanchay. ON/OFF Switch is at the back panel of Milk Sanchay.	When 2 dots appear below the WORKING… message then quickly turn off the ON/OFF switch of Milk Sanchay. ON/OFF Switch is at the back panel of Milk Sanchay.

Table 16:
Parameter	Values	Description
Stirrer Time	10	Stir time to remove air from Sample Milk, User can change this time.
File Transfer 		Using this menu user can transfer logs to USB Pen Drive
Date Time		User can adjust Date and Time using this menu
FAT Slope	XX	Do not Change the Value
FAT Intercept	XX	User can change the FAT intercept value to match the FAT
SNF Slope	XX	Do not Change the Value
SNF Intercept	XX	User can change the SNF intercept value to match the SNF
Water Intercept	XX	User can change the Water intercept value to match Added Water 
START UP Cleaning	1	Cleaning is require after each power on
Auto Clean Time	30	30 min is the default cleaning time if the machine is standstill
Continuous Data	1	Continuous Data string of Milk Analyzer
String Type Out	1	Prompt default string type (31 Character without space)
Protein Lactose	0/1	0 = 4 parameter and 1 = 7 parameter
Decimal Point	1/2	1 = If only one decimal point require and 
2 = If two decimal point require
Display CLR	0/1	0 = Disable CLR in Display  and 
1 = Enable CLR in Display
CLR Decimal EN	0/1	0 = Decimal and 1 = Integer
FAT Multiplier	0.21	Do not Change the Value
SNF Constant	0.36	Do not Change the Value
Reference Type	1/2	1 = if reference machine is FT or Gerber and 
2 = if reference machine is Ultrasonic Milk Analyzer

Table 17:
Sr. No	Error List	Reason of Error	Remedies
1	Check Sample	Air Bubble in Milk Sample	Take new sample from the same milk and repeat the analysis. 
1	Check Sample	The Inlet-Outlet pipe / Tygon tube / Motor Bubble / Rubber pipe may have leakage.	Check the rubber plug position & re-fix to tight fitting.
Replace the syringe if Rubber plug is found loose.
1	Check Sample	If the problem persist.	Clean with Daily Cleaner or Power/Monthly Cleaner.
Contact your Dealer of Company.
2	HOT/NO Sample	If sample temperature is more than 400C.	Cool the sample up to 250C, Analyse the sample with proper sample.
2	HOT/NO Sample	In absence of sample in the beaker.	Take a new Milk Sample and repeat the Analysis.
3	Motor Error	Milk is frozen in the pipe.	Clean with Daily Cleaner or Power/Monthly Cleaner.
3	Motor Error	Motor damage	Contact your Dealer of Company.
4	Memory Error	If any issue while reading and writing data from EEPROM	Check the Memory Card or replace the new memory card.
5	Authentication Fail	If both measurement board PCB [DB board] and display board PCB [MB board] are not paired.	Contact your Dealer of Company to pair the measurement board PCB with display board PCB.
6	DB machine ID not set	If the machine id of the measurement board is not set yet. Or machine id of the measurement board is set to 0000000000.	Contact your Dealer of Company to Set the measurement board PCB ID.
7	Communication Timeout Error	If there is time lag in communication between display board and measurement board.
Some RS232 wire connection fault	Check RS232 wires and Connectors.
Contact your Dealer of Company.

Table 18:
PROMPT HELPLINE	Phone:  1800 833 1985
PROMPT HELPLINE	Monday to Saturday 
Time: 06.00 AM to 10.00 PM

Table 19:
Thank you
