B E N E F I T S S M A R T W E I G H I N G S C A L E A R E V O L U T I O N A R Y Records geo-coordinates G P S E N A B L E D Captures accurate weight along with timestamp M E A S U R I N G S Y S T E M Authenticity of milk No manual intervention in recording recording milk quantity Allows integration with Easy to carry and operate 3rd party Software/App via bluetooth Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Nr. Stadium Petrol Pump, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad – 380014, Gujarat, India +91 7926565981/2/3 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Follow us onAccurate Measurement with Geo-Tagging TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS When it comes to achieving the objective Government, have not reached their of improving the milk yield of the cattle, a beneficiary but the record books will show Scale Dimension (I x w x h) 25 cm x 20 cm x 7 cm (max) transparent and reliable milk recording otherwise. Pan (Platform) size 20 cm x 20 cm system becomes indispensable. The manual entry of data by the milk recording Hence, the need arises for a system • Scale Base Structure: MS Powder Coated Material team can sometimes be inaccurate. Also, wherein the real-time location of milking • Pan (Platform): Stainless Steel the milk recording at times is done without and recording can be traced. Prompt Weighing Capacity Maximum 25 kg even going to the village, thus derailing the offers an easy solution to all these entire objective of the operation. There shortcomings: Smart Weighing Scale with • Display of Date, Time and Device ID while booting the machine LED Display Unit • Weight - in kg format, up to a three-digit decimal point (in gm) have been instances where fodder/grains geo-tagging. and other related materials given by the Accuracy/Precision Class — III accuracy compliance. Least count 5 gm • Device On/Off LED • Low Battery LED Indicators • Charging in progress LED: When connected to AC power source A G A M E - C H A N G E R • Charge level indicator • GPS Connection indicator Load Cell Type Cantilever load cell P R O M P T ’ S S M A R T • ON/OFF Button: For On/Off of the machine • TARE Button: For TARE Arrangement W E I G H I N G S C A L E • M+: Stores weight data in memory Touch Buttons • MR: Recall weight data from memory • MC: Clear weight data from memory A GPS enabled measuring device that captures the • Send button: Forward data to the connected device weight along with geo-coordinates and timestamps. • Calibration: To calibrate the machine The intelligent device also forwards the data collected to the third party Waterproof protection IP65 waterproof carry bag for the scale Software/App via Bluetooth. • Lithium-ion rechargeable battery; Charges in 4-5 hrs • 14-15 hrs of backup with daily usage of 1.5-2 hrs up to one week Attributes to be broadcasted Battery • Low Battery Indicator with 2-2.5 hrs of backup in JSON format • SPP (Serial Port Protocol) based Bluetooth module which can be Connectivity • Date and time in IST format paired with Android & Windows devices • Weight in kg up to 3 decimal points • GPS module with an accuracy of about 5-10 m GPS • GPS Coordinates (latitude, • The device will not take measurements without the GPS coordinates longitude) in DD (Decimal Degree) Output Data Format Standard JSON-based format along with a facility of password pairing format up to 6 decimal points • The Device ID is the Bluetooth MAC Weight of Scale Maximum 2.5 kg (including battery) ID of the device