CURRENT CHALLENGES Accurate recording of the quantity and quality of The temperature of the milk transferred to milk milk samples collected at milk collection points is tanker is not measured. The data of composite milk essential. Currently, milk quantity is measured sample is also not taken into consideration. manually through dipstick reading and milk Therefore, to overcome these challenges, Prompt sampling is done manually. The sample taken has uniquely developed TankAssure, an intelligent from the milk collection point is not secured and and digital system which automatically samples prone to manipulation. milk from milk collection point. PRESENTING An automatic milk sampling system, with GPS, Wi-Fi and RFID technology TankAssure is an electro-mechanical, intelligent box It automatically collects the milk sample of milk mounted behind the milk tanker. It is a closed, collection point, measures the milk quantity and containerised and digitally password-protected temperature with the help of an in-built magnetic secured system that consists of sampling pumps, flow meter equipped with a temperature sensor. and RFID-tagged tamper-proof sample vials. KEY HIGHLIGHTS OF THE SYSTEM Enables secured and automatic sampling The entire operation is controlled by a of composite milk samples of various milk web-based portal accessed through collection points. a tablet device. The milk quantity and temperature data of each milk collection The system can log the location and time point is transferred to a central portal stamp data from where milk transfer which can be used by the dairy for further starts and stop. business analysis. Only authorised personnel can open the It can be integrated with any route electronically protected door at the dairy. management app and automatic milk collection system.TANKASSURE - TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Model S7 S15 6 for Society Samples 14 for Society Samples No. of Sampling Bottles 1 for Composite Sample 1 for Composite Sample Peristaltic Pumps 7 No. 15 No. Sampling Capacity 40 ml 40 ml PLC, Electro Magnetic Flow Meter, GPS, Major Technical Parts RFID Tag & Reader, Peristaltic Pumps Data Transmission Wi-Fi, 4G User Interface 8" 4G + Wi-Fi Tablet Central Data Controlling Central Web-Based Application GPS, GLONASS or Galileo, 24VDC, Ethernet, IP68, GPS Internal Antenna, Temperature Range -40 °C to +70 °C Electromagnetic Flowmeter Measure: Flow, Temperature and Quantity Flow Meter Output: 4-20mA, Pulse Accuracy Max. ±0.5 % o.f.s. 13.56MHz, LED Indication, IO-Link Interface, RFID Tag Reader M12 Connection, IP67 13.56MHz, Readable and Writable, RFID Tag 2kBit EEPROM, ISO15693, IP68 Supply Voltage 24V DC (From Tanker Battery) Housing SS 304 Electronic Control Panel SS 304, IP65 Milk Line 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Fitting Clamp 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 NRV 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Filter 2mm Perforated 2mm Thickness 1 Inch, MOC SS 304 Gasket-EPDM End Air Vent Connection-1.5” TC end Weight of Auto Sampler < 250kg Dimension of Auto Sampler (mm) 1502 X 990 X 595 1581 X 957 X 632 Door Lock Electro-mechanical, IP67 Protected Please Note: The above-mentioned specifications are for seven and fifteen samples, The same can be customized as per the customer requirement.BENEFITS OF TANKASSURE 4202-beF Enhanced Sampling Accuracy Enhanced Quality Control Collects uniform and representative Measures milk temperature and samples ensuring consistent and volume at each milk collection point, accurate sampling from aiding in precise quality assessments each milk collection point. and inventory management. Quality Composite Samples Operational Efficiency Maintains correct proportion of milk Automates the process of milk collected from each collection point, collection, reducing time and and also ensures that composite manual effort and minimizing samples are collected accurately, the need of manual labour. reflecting the total milk quality. CCoommpprreehheennssiivvee ddaattaa ccoolllleeccttiioonn Cost Efficiency Automatic logging of detailed Reduces costs incurred due to data for quality control, manual sampling such as labour traceability and data analysis. and consumables. Ensures Compliance & Traceability Indigenous System Meets all the regulatory requirement An indigenous and cost effective ensuring consistency, and provides automatic milk sampling system accurate sampling improving made for Indian dairy industry. traceability across the dairy supply chain. Scan the QR Code Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. to know more: 7th Floor, Shaligram Corporates, C. J. Road, Iskon - Ambli Road, Ahmedabad Gujarat - 380058 (India) info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com Ph: 02717 45 1111/6111 |Follow us on