BENEFITS OF TANKASSURE A U T O M A T I C Transparency: Ease of Data Management: The system will show the quantity The system automatically and of milk transferred in the tanker digitally records the data which is and temperature of milk at the stored directly in the server. M I L K S A M P L E R DCS location in real-time – bringing transparency between collection point and Dairy. S Y S T E M F O R M I L K T A N K E R S Minimize manual Intervention: Reduction in Sampling Error: The data is automatically As sampling is done recorded, hence there is no automatically, the chances of need to enter data manually, sampling error are greatly thereby reducing the chances of reduced, and the accuracy of human error. samples is ensured. Farmer Assurance: Profitability of Dairy: Due to auto sampling, the With accuracy in sampling and accuracy of milk samples is high, quantity of milk, the overall so the farmer can feel assured effectiveness and profitability of about getting correct payment for Dairy shall increase. their milk poured. Prompt Equipments Pvt. Ltd. 3-B, Vardan Exclusive, Nr. Stadium Petrol Pump, Navrangpura, Ahmedabad – 380014, Gujarat, India +91 7926565981/2/3 | info@promptdairytech.com | www.promptdairytech.com AUTO SAMPLER Follow us onAn Inefficient Current Practice TANKASSURE - TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS Accurate recording of the milk quantity and Furthermore, there is no system to measure the quality collected at the milk collection temperature of the milk transferred to the milk 6 for Society Samples No. Of Sampling Bottles points is an essential piece of information in tanker at the collection point. Dairies are also 1 for Composite Sample the milk value chain. The current practice of facing problem of milk pilferage, adulteration, Peristaltic Pumps 7 No. manual dipstick reading is prone to human and sample tampering. Sampling Capacity 40 ml error and calibration error. PLC, Electro Magnetic Flow Meter, GPS, Major Technology Parts RFID Tag & Reader, Peristaltic Pumps Data Transmission Through Wi-fi, 4G A C H A N G E F O R G O O D ! User Interface 8" 4G + Wi-Fi Tablet Central Data Controlling Through Central Web Base Application P R E S E N T I N G , GPS, GLONASS or Galileo, 24VDC, Ethernet, IP68, GPS Internal Antenna, Temperature Range -40 °C +70 °C Electromagnetic Flowmeter Measure: Flow, Temperature and Quantity Flow Meter Output: 4-20mA, Pulse , AUTO SAMPLER Accuracy Max. ±0.05 % o.f.s. or ±5 μA 13.56MHz, LED Indication, IO-Link Interface, An Automatic Milk Sampling System, RFID Tag Reader M12 Connection, IP67 with GPRS facility. 13.56MHz, Readable and Writable, RFID Tag 2kBit EEPROM, ISO15693, IP68 TankAssure comes in the form of a box that meter with a temperature sensor. It is a Supply Voltage 24V DC (From Tanker Battery) is mounted on the tanker, and functions to closed, containerised and digitally Housing SS304 automatically collect BMC milk samples, password-protected system that consists measure milk quantity and temperature of seven sampling pumps, and RFID tagged Electronics Control Panel SS304, IP65 with the help of an in-built magnetic flow tamper-proof sample vials. Milk Line 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Semi Simless Fitting Clamp 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 NRV 1.5 Inch, MOC SS 304 Key Highlights Of The System Filter 2mm Perforated 2mm Thickness • The electronically protected door can through a Tablet device. The data can be 1 Inch, MOC SS 304 Gasket-EPDM End Air vent be opened only at the dairy plant by transferred to the central system at the dairy Connection-1.5” TC end authorized persons only. for further analysis & evaluation. Weight of Auto Sampler < 250kg • The system can be configured to start/stop • Prompt Logistics App and/or Prompt AMCS Dimension Of Auto Sampler (mm) 1575 X 777 X 500 operations at the targeted location only. App can be integrated into this system for route management. Door Lock Electro-mechanical, IP67 Protected • The entire operation is controlled by a web-based application system operated