
Table 1:
	
Click on the Door Control function on
the main menu page.	Press the lock icon to enter the
username and password to open the
door.
14002162
1234	14002696
1234
Both username and password are given to the authorized persons.	
	

Table 2:
	

Table 3:
Start Initialize Process	Press the Society Data Sync. Tab and
Sync the Society Data and wait until all
the Society sync.

Table 4:
Put the sample bottle Rack having
name prompt on it over the derlin
block proparly and make sure all
nozzles should be inserted in the bottle
holes.	Put the ice pades and lock the rack
box.
Press the Alarm Tab from the Main
Menu screen to view the status of all
flags.	When you press the Alarm tab, then it
will show above screen with the Status
of each flag.
Press the RFID TESTING tab to view
status of RFID flags.

Table 5:
	
After inserting the Rack and ice pad, press the RFID TEST CMD, the status of all
RFID Tag appears green.	

Table 6:
After closing the door using password
status of Door close appears green.	After all status appears green then ROUTE
START READY also appears green in the
above screen.

Table 7:
	
14002162
1234	14002696
1234
	

Table 8:
 Check cables of RFID reader
 Check log of previous days data that simulation had done or not
 Check Rack position if RFID tag not write
 Check mechanism of sample bottle holder. If required then set further.

Table 9:
 Check the current latitude and longitude with previous day data
 If mismatch then update latitude and longitude in society file, Inform plant engineer
to sync society in each tankers.
 If society comes with unknown code “9998” then check GPS communication status in
log file.
 If tanker parked under the shade area at the BMC location then the system may
collect the collection with Unknown society code

Table 10:
 Check current day quantity and previous day quantity.
 Check motor and cables before route start.
 Check the flow meter working condition.
 Check Ethernet cable, motors, GPS communication.
 Check society sync count at initializing process.

Table 11:
 Check current quantity and previous day quantity.
 In case of Unknown society code “9998” found during collection then system will
collect the sample with 1000 litre reference. In this case, update the actual latitude
and longitude.
